<table><tr><td>The Zodiac Killer</td><td>E. Honda</td><td>Carlton Banks</td></tr><tr><td>A serial murderer whose identity is still unknown. His name is a reference to letters sent by him to newspapers that included a 408-character cipher, which he claimed revealed his identity. In one possible decoding, he claims that his victims will be his slaves in the afterlife.</td><td>A sumo wrestler from the Street Fighter video game series. His character possesses above-average strength but below-average speed, except when executing his Hundred Violent Sumo Hands move, commonly known as the Hundred Hand Slap. His blood type is A.</td><td>The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's cousin and Uncle Phil's heir. Played by Alfonso Ribeiro, he is depicted as a preppy young Republican, who is probably best known for his spazzy dance to Tom Jones's song "It's Not Unusual" and being slapped on the back of the head.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Miss Havisham</td><td>Bees!</td><td>Gizmo</td></tr><tr><td>The original spinster from the novel Great Expectations. On the day of her wedding, she discovered that she had been defrauded by her betrothed. Heartbroken, from that day she lived alone in her mansion, shunned company, and never removed her wedding dress.</td><td>Flying, communal insects that are found on every continent except Antarctica. They often live in large hives knows as colonies, with a queen, workers, and drones. Many species of these produce honey, which humans harvest in a series of hives known as apiary.</td><td>A fuzzy pet from the Gremlins horror-comedy franchise. His owners were implored by Mr. Wing to follow three simple rules in caring for their Mogwai: (1) Do not expose him to bright light; (2) Do not get him wet; and (3) Do not feed him after midnight.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Quetzalcoatl</td><td>Mother Brain</td><td>Balki Bartokomous</td></tr><tr><td>An ancient Mesoamerican god and flying reptile whose name means "feathered serpent." It has been claimed since the 16th century that Aztec leader Montezuma II believed the appearance of Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés signaled his return.</td><td>The antagonist of the Metroid video game franchise. She is typically depicted as a brain in a vat with spikes and a single eyeball, though she sometimes transforms into a bipedal monster that looks kind of like an old lady. She also appeared in the Captain N cartoon series.</td><td>A character from the sitcom Perfect Strangers. He is a rustic from the island of Mypos, who Cousin Larry acclimates to big city Chicago. Features of the character include celebrating with the "dance of joy" and exclaiming "Don't be ridiculous" when it is he who is being ridiculous.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Slender Man
A character and internet meme that stalks children, often shown as a tall figure in a gray suit with a feature-less face. He allegedly inspired two 12-year-old Wisconsin girls to stab a classmate 19 times. One claimed that he watches her, can read minds, and can teleport.</td><td>A Freckleface
A schoolyard taunt that calls attention to a person with a fair complexion that possesses clusters of darker spots comprised of concentrated melanin on the front surface of their head. The condition is exacerbated by exposure to the sun.</td><td>The astronaut who drove across the country wearing space diapers to kidnap her boyfriend
A NASA employee who traveled from Houston to Orlando carrying, according to her wiki, "latex gloves, a black wig, BB pistol, pepper spray, a tan trench coat, 2-pound drilling hammer, rubber tubing, and plastic garbage bags." She denies wearing the undergarments in question.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
3
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Manti Te'o's girlfriend
The fictional, deceased paramour of the Notre Dame linebacker, who had supposedly died the same day as his grandmother. When it was revealed that the woman (aka Lennay Kekua aka Ronaiah Tuisosopo) never existed, he was forced to admit that he had been catfished.</td><td>Stefon
A guest correspondent on SNL's Weekend Update. He recommends New York's hottest clubs, followed by a description of their outlandish patrons like Black George Washington, sunburned drifters with soap sud beards, sherpas, and guys with afros in graduation caps.</td><td>Colonel Angus
A character from an SNL skit played by Christopher Walken. The humor is derived from the character's gag name that refers to performing oral sex on a woman, e.g. "Sometimes [he] just rubs you the wrong way" and his stated preference for the Deep South.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Greedo
A bounty hunter from the Star Wars franchise. In the original 1977 version of his confrontation with Han Solo at Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina, Han shoots and kills him before he fires a shot. In the film's rerelease, he takes the first shot and misses, leading to the meme "Han shot first."</td><td>Godot
The title character of Samuel Beckett's absurdist play, who Vladimir and Estragon wait for. Beckett claimed that his name derived from the French slang term for boot. Americans typically mispronounce the name by emphasizing its second syllable.</td><td>Chris Hadfield
A Canadian astronaut who became the face of NASA while command-ing the ISS in 2013. He has a vast social media following, one of the most popular Reddit AMAs of all time, and a hit YouTube video of him covering Bowie's "Space Oddity" while literally in space.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Admiral Ackbar</td><td>Raskolnikov</td><td>Hester Prynne</td></tr><tr><td>A fish-like humanoid who commanded the Rebel Alliance's fleet in Star Wars: Episode VI. He planned a sneak attack on the second Death Star as it orbited the forest moon of Endor. Imperial forces knew of the impending assault, leading to his iconic line "It's a trap!"</td><td>The lead character in Dostoyevsky's novel Crime and Punishment. Impoverished in St. Petersburg, he murders a pawnbroker with an axe, which he justifies through a theory that some people have the right to commit murder. He confesses his crime and is exiled to Siberia.</td><td>The protagonist of Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter. Set in 17th century New England, she has an affair and conceives a child with the minister of her church. After being found guilty of adultery, she is forced to wear a scarlet "A" on her dress as a signal of shame.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Stephen Hawking</td><td>Duck Hunt Dog</td><td>The Last Unicorn</td></tr><tr><td>A theoretical physicist and cosmologist who made major contributions to the field of general relativity. He has a motor neuron disease that leaves him almost entirely paralyzed. He communicates exclusively through a speech generating device.</td><td>Your canine companion in an NES game where you used the system's Zapper light gun to shoot waterfowl as they emerge from bushes. While ostensibly meant to be to fetch your kills, this character's primary role was to laugh at your pitiful performance.</td><td>The single-horned title character from an 80s animated film, who discovers that she is the only remaining member of her species. Voiced by Mia Farrow, she is pursued by a creature called the Red Bull. Defeating him, she returns her kind back into the world.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Florida Man</td><td>King Hippo</td><td>Not a Dick</td></tr><tr><td>The combined exploits of folks from the Sunshine State, collected in a popular Twitter profile. Examples include someone who "Disguises Himself As 'The Sun,' Steals Logo Towel" and someone who "Accidentally Shoots Himself in the Head While Celebrating New Year's Eve."</td><td>A boxer from Nintendo's Punch-Out!! franchise. He is depicted as an obese, tan, large-mouthed man wearing a crown and boxer shorts. He wears two bandages in an X pattern over his navel, suggesting his weak point. He cannot recover from being knocked down.</td><td>A person who avoids acting like an inconsiderate jerk. Or anything in the world outside the slang word for male genitalia. Or a person who goes by any other name than the nickname for Richard.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Samson</td><td>David Foster Wallace</td><td>A Honey Badger</td></tr><tr><td>A Biblical hero and proto-suicide bomber, who once slew an entire army with the jawbone of an ass. God commanded him not to cut his hair, but his lover Delilah was bribed into shaving it, leading to his imprisonment, blinding, and suicide by pulling down a Philistine temple.</td><td>A writer best known for his novel Infinite Nest and essays on American culture.1 Suffering from depression,2 he hanged himself in 2008 after ceasing to take the antidepressant phenelzine.</td><td>An animal, native to South Africa and related to the weasel, made popular by a YouTube video narrated by “Randall.” This animal is now almost always described as “Badass” and “Cra-zy.” Furthermore, it's often noted that this animal don't care or really doesn't give a shit.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CARD BY STEFANIE MARAZZI</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Highlander</td><td>Dr. Zaius</td><td>Sneezing Baby Panda</td></tr><tr><td>An immortal, broadsword-wielding character from an 80s action film. The film's tagline, “There can be only one,” refers to a contest to gain each other's power and knowledge through defeating and then beheading their rivals in a duel-a process referred to as Quickening.</td><td>An orangutan from the Planet of the Apes. Living in the East Coast Ape City during the 40th century, he paradoxically serves as Minister of Science and Chief Defender of the Faith. He was immortalized in a song from The Simpsons that parodies Falco's “Rock Me Amadeus.”</td><td>The subject of a viral video first uploaded on YouTube in 2006 and emblematic of cute culture. It stars a mother and infant from the fuzzy, bear-like species. The infant expels air from its nose to the surprise of the mother. The video has been viewed more than 200 million times.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Rasputin</td><td>Marcel Marceau</td><td>Howard Hughes</td></tr><tr><td>A Russian occultist and advisor to Tsar Nicolas II, who wielded extraordinary power over the Romanov family. He was assassinated by a group of nobles in 1916, and his body was recovered from the Neva River having been poisoned, shot, beaten, and drowned.</td><td>The most famous mime in history, who frequently performed under the name Bip the Clown. He referred to his craft as “the art of silence,” creating many of the quintessential mime performances, including Walking in the Wind and Trapped in a Box.</td><td>A business magnate andaviator, who set world air speed records and created the failed “Spruce Goose.” He suffered from extreme germophobia and OCD, leading to rumors of him refusing to cut his hair, wearing tissue boxes as shoes, and storing his urine in jars.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Ham</td><td>Royal Tenenbaum</td><td>The Earl of Sandwich</td></tr><tr><td>One of Noah's sons from the Hebrew Bible, who was allegedly cursed in the Book of Genesis for seeing "the nakedness of his father" after Noah had passed out drunk in a tent. Because his name translates to black or burnt, this curse was later used to explain dark skin pigmentation.</td><td>The patriarch of Wes Anderson's 2001 film about an eccentric, troubled New York family. Played by Gene Hackman, he is a disbarred lawyer, former convict, unapologetic racist, absentee father, and 17-year resident of the Lindbergh Palace Hotel.</td><td>The title of John Montagu, the 18th century British noble who invented using two slices of bread as a wrapper for food. The legend is that he was an avid gambler who did not have time for meals between card games, so would have servants bring him meat between slices of bread.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CARD BY JASON KOTTKE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Brian Boitano</td><td>Archimedes</td><td>Carl Sagan</td></tr><tr><td>A figure skater who won Olympic gold in 1988, but is perhaps now most famous as a semi-recurring character in the South Park franchise. In their feature film, the boys parody him as inspirational figure with a song that references "What Would Jesus Do?"</td><td>An Ancient Greek scientist who is most famous for determining the volume of objects with irregular shapes. The legend is that he solved the problem after noticing the level of the water change during a bath. He sprung out naked and took to the streets shouting "Eureka!"</td><td>An astronomer and public intellectu-al best known for hosting the PBS series Cosmos. He is easily identified by his strange vocal delivery of words like "billions." He was also responsible for curating the Pioneer plaque and the Golden Record for the Voyager spacecraft.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes</td><td>Lady Godiva</td><td>Jacob the Jeweler</td></tr><tr><td>A member of TLC who died in a car crash days after her chauffer killed a boy walking on the side of the road. She wore glasses with a condom covering one of the lenses, and burned down her own mansion by setting fire to her abusive boyfriend's shoes.</td><td>A noble who rode naked on a horse through the streets of Coventry in order to relieve the town of the excessive taxation of her husband. She asked all residents to stay home and shut their windows. Only a tailor disregarded her order, who became known as Peeping Tom.</td><td>Purveyor of bling to the rich and famous. He supplied Kanye West's Jesus Piece-and was asked by Kanye, in "Diamonds from Sierra Leone" not to lie about the source of his diamonds. He was sentenced to prison for his connection to the Detroit-based Black Mafia Family.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>LeVar Burton
An actor who played the blind,
VISOR-wearing Chief Engineer
Geordi La Forge on Star Trek: The
Next Generation. He is also the
driving force behind Reading
Rainbow, which recently raised
slightly more than Monikers on
Kickstarter ($5.4M).</td><td>The Prophet
Muhammad (PBUH)</td><td>Dick Cheney's
pacemaker</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td><td>The religious figure who unified the
Arabian Peninsula under Islam. He
claimed to have received a revelation
from God in a cave and began
preaching a new religion. Visual
depictions of Muhammad usually
show him with a veiled face or
represented as a flame.</td><td>The device regulating the heart
rhythms of the 46th Vice President
of the US, who was infamous for
expanding the powers of his office
as well as shooting his best friend in
the face. He had its wireless services
disabled to prevent terrorists from
potentially interfering with it.</td></tr><tr><td>Zelda Fitzgerald
A Jazz Age novelist and wife of the
author of The Great Gatsby, who
described her as the "first American
Flapper." They were also one of the
first celebrity couples of the 20th
century, and their marriage was
notorious for its alcoholism,
recriminations, and instability.</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td><td>Charles Ponzi
A con man whose name is synonymous
with a famous scam where a
swindler pays returns to investors
using money paid by new investors.
He made millions using this
technique, and after spending time
in prison, he fled to Florida and sold
swampland as valuable real estate.</td><td>Frida Kahlo
A Mexican painter and feminist icon
known for her vivid, tropical
self-portraits. She is easily identified
by her prominent unibrow. She was
married to Mexican painter Diego
Rivera, but had numerous affairs
with men and women, including
Josephine Baker.</td></tr><tr><td>Harriet Tubman
An escaped slave who became a
prominent abolitionist and spy
during the Civil War. She rescued
more than 70 slaves with the help of
the Underground Railroad, earning
her the nickname "Moses." Later in
her life she became a prominent
figure in the suffrage movement.</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td><td>Uncle Ben
The actually pretty racist mascot of
a top-selling rice brand. Wearing a
tuxedo and bow tie, this character's
name references a term commonly
used in the American South to
denote older male servants. In 2007,
the company "promoted" the
character to chairman of the board.</td><td>Mrs. O'Leary's Cow
The farm animal blamed for the
Great Chicago Fire of 1871, who
allegedly knocked over a lantern
while being milked. The bovine and
its owner were posthumously
exonerated, though not before
inspiring Brian Wilson to write a
song about its pyrokinetic abilities.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Sisyphus</td><td>John Wayne
Gacy, Jr.</td><td>Mama Cass</td></tr><tr><td>An Ancient Greek king who Zeus punished for his hubris by forcing him to roll a boulder up a hill, only to see it roll back down and be forced to repeat this process endlessly. The myth of his struggle was used for philosophical purposes by Albert Camus.</td><td>A serial killer who raped and murdered more than 30 teenage boys in the 70s, storing their remains in the crawlspace of his Chicago home. He was well-liked in the community, appearing at charity events and children's parties dressed as his character Pogo the Clown.</td><td>The stage name of Ellen Naomi Cohen, a member of the band that performed hits like "California Dreamin" and "Monday Monday." She struggled with obesity most of her life, and it was long rumored that she died by choking on either a ham sandwich or a chicken bone.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Archduke
Franz Ferdinand</td><td>Clarence Thomas</td><td>Eva Braun</td></tr><tr><td>The presumptive heir to the Austro-Hungarian Empire until his assassination in 1914. This acted as the catalyst for the beginning of World War I. He was an avid hunter, keeping a diary of nearly 300,000 kills—100,000 of which were displayed at his castle in Konopiště.</td><td>A Supreme Court Justice who is known for never questioning appellants during oral arguments. His appointment was clouded by allegations of his sexual harassment, such as asking "Who has put public hair on my Coke?" and referencing the porn star Long Dong Silver.</td><td>The long-time lover and short-time wife of Adolf Hitler. They married less than 2 days before she killed herself with a cyanide capsule while Hitler shot himself in the head with his Walther PPK pistol. Their bodies were then set on fire as Russian forces bombarded Berlin.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Bear</td><td>André the Giant</td><td>The Lindbergh Baby</td></tr><tr><td>In gay culture, a large, hairy, and often hyper-masculine man. It was likely first popularized as a term in the 1979 article "Who's Who in the Zoo?" which categorized gay men as one of 7 types of animals. Subcategories of this include cubs, ewoks, and grizzlies.</td><td>A 7'4", 520 lb. Frenchman who was the first wrestler induced into the WWE Hall of Fame. He played the rhyming Turkish wrestler Fezzik in The Princess Bride. His ability to consume alcohol was so legendary that doctors used it to baseline how much anesthesia to administer him.</td><td>The infant son of the first aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic. He was kidnapped in what was called the "Crime of the Century." The investigation lasted over two years, culminating in the execution by electric chair of Bruno Hauptmann, who maintained his innocence.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>1 POINT</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">A Mall Santa
In the weeks leading up to Christmas, shopping complexes often employ this person to play a fat, jolly, gift-giving figure. A "grotto" is usually set up where children can pose for photographs while sitting on his lap and requesting presents.
CARD BY MATT RIX
3 POINTS</td><td>Vidal Sassoon
A hairdresser who created the iconic wedge bob cut of the 60s. He parlayed his fame into an international brand of beauty products that included salons, shampoos, conditioners, and commercials featuring the tagline "if you don't look good, we don't look good."</td><td>The Stay Puft Marshmallow Man
A monster from the Ghostbusters franchise made of spongy candy and wearing a sailor hat and red neckerchief as he rampages through New York. Dan Aykroyd described him as "harmless and puff and cute, but given the right circumstances, everything can become evil."</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3 POINTS</td><td>NAME BY LOREN BRICHTER
1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Gregor Samsa
A character from Franz Kafka's novella The Metamorphosis, who wakes up one day to find himself transformed into a large insect. He slowly loses his ability to communicate, becomes a burden on his family, and eventually wills himself to die somehow.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
4 POINTS</td><td>A Bassoonist
A person who plays a large double reeded woodwind. Despite its warm, dark tone, it is often considered one of the most obscure instruments in the modern orchestra. Among its most famous passages is the Grandfather's Theme in Sergei Prokofiev's Peter and the Wolf.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Grizzly Man (Timothy Treadwell)
The eccentric subject of a Werner Herzog documentary, who lived with Alaskan bears for 13 summers and was "in love with [his] animal friends." In 2003, he and his girlfriend were killed and eaten by one of the bears—the first such death in the park's history.
CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Joyce Carol Oates
An American novelist, playwright, and Princeton professor. Her works in "In a Region of Ice" and "A Garden of Earthy Delights" and nearly 40 other novels. Born in 1938, she still writes in longhand and her productivity and discipline are legendary among writers.
CELEBRITY
4 POINTS</td><td>John Philip Sousa
A composer and conductor known as "The March King." He created many marches still in use today, such as "The Stars and Stripes Forever."
He also designed a large brass instrument that wraps around the body of the musician, which he named after himself.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
3 POINTS</td><td>Typhoid Mary
A New York City cook and laundress, who is believed to have infected over 50 people with a deadly bacterial disease. She herself displayed no symptoms of infection and was quarantined against her will for nearly three decades until her death at 70.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Grizzly Adams
A legendary 19th century mountain man, who was famous for fighting and capturing bears. During a “play fight” with one of his bears, his scalp was dislodged, leaving the brain tissue permanently exposed. He died after a monkey bite into the open wound, causing an infection.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
3 POINTS</td><td>Patient Zero
The medical term for Gaëtan Dugas, a Canadian flight attendant who was among a group of homosexual men that traveled widely and were very sexually active, facilitating the early spread of the virus. This term now refers to the first case of a condition more generally.</td><td>The Alien from Alien
The extraterrestrial from a famous action-horror film series. Sometimes referred to as a Xenomorph, these creatures are organized around a single queen, which gives birth to creatures that follow a lifecycle from egg to facehugger to chestburster to adult.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3 POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">A LARPer
A person who assumes the persona of a character in a fictional setting, often created by them. The concept was inspired by Dungeons &amp; Dragons and other early roleplaying games, but spans genres from high fantasy to steampunk to zombie Apocalypse.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Johnnie Cochran
A lawyer who gained international fame for his successful defense of O.J. Simpson during his murder trial. He is often associated with the phrase “If it doesn’t fit, you must acquire,” referring to the murderer’s gloves that was supposedly too small for Simpson’s hand.</td><td>Juan Valdez
The fictional mascot of the National Federation of Coffee Growers of Colombia. With his mule Conchita, he is a national symbol for Colombi-an coffee. Played by Carlos Sánchez and others, his tagline, iDisfrute de un buen café! has been widely parodied in pop culture.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3 POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Marion Barry
The former mayor of Washington, DC, who narrowly suffered an electoral defeat after a videotape leaked of him smoking crack. He was later reelected mayor after serving six months in federal prison. He is currently on the DC City Council and remains a controversial figure.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
3 POINTS</td><td>Sweeney Todd
A legendary Victorian murderer also known as The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. He has a lever in his shop that drops customers through a trapdoor, who he finishes off with a razor. His accomplice, Mrs. Lovett, helps dispose of the bodies by baking them into savory pies.</td><td>A Chimney Sweep
A member of an old timey profession who cleared ash and soot from the area that provides ventilation for a fireplace. This practice once involved significant child labor, since they were the only ones small enough to fit into the space. Most began their training at age six.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3 POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Ghost Dog</td><td>Marina Abramović</td><td>She-Hulk</td></tr><tr><td>The title character from a film by Jim Jarmusch about a freelance hitman employed by the Mafia, who strictly follows Hagakure, the code of the samurai. The film itself is a blend of the samurai and gangster genres, with a soundtrack produced by RZA of the Wu-Tang Clan.</td><td>An artist known for her physically demanding performance pieces. In The Artist is Present, she sat staring at museumgoers silently for two months. Over her career, she has been groped, scalded, nearly stabbed, nearly raped, and nearly shot during performances.</td><td>A superhero from the Marvel Comics universe, who gained her powers after receiving a blood transfusion from her cousin, Dr. Bruce Banner. Like him, she transforms into a green, raging creature. Unlike him, she is able to retain her reason and personality while doing so.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Terri Schiavo</td><td>Mike Hunt</td><td>The guy who threw his shoes at George W. Bush</td></tr><tr><td>The subject of a prolonged legal case over whether to terminate life support. Diagnosed as being in a persistent vegetative state by her doctors, her husband and parents battled over whether to remove her feeding tube, despite her having signed a “do not resuscitate” order.</td><td>A gag name that references female genitalia, used to trick a person into saying it without knowledge of the double meaning. While popularized by the film Porky's, its first use was by Jim Davidson &amp; John Elmo in their series of prank calls to Jersey City's Tube Bar in the 70s.</td><td>A journalist who shouted “This is a farewell kiss from the Iraqi people, you dog” and hurled his footwear at the 43rd US president, who narrowly avoided the projectiles by ducking under his podium. A copper statue of the footwear was erected in Tikrit to commemorate the event.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CARD BY TIM GUNNINK</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Terry Richardson</td><td>R. Kelly</td><td>Colton Burpo</td></tr><tr><td>A pervy fashion photographer known for his candid style, glasses, and thumbs up gesture. He often shows his subjects against a white background, sometimes posing with them. He has been accused of making inappropriate sexual advances several times in his career.</td><td>An R&amp;B musician who recorded “I Believe I Can Fly” and “Trapped in the Closet.” In 2002, a video leaked of him allegedly urinating on an underage girl, according a 21-count indictment. He was found not guilty, though many still believe him to be a sexual predator.</td><td>The subject of the book Heaven is for Real: A Little Boy's Astounding Story of His Trip to Heaven and Back. He claims to have had visions of Jesus riding a rainbow-colored horse while in surgery. Skeptics claim that it was the result of hallucinations under anesthesia.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Joan of Arc
The Maid of Orleans and 15th century martyr who claimed God instructed her to take back France from the English. After predicting several military outcomes, she was given a substantial role in strategic decision-making. She was eventually captured and burned at the stake.</td><td>A Top
In gay culture, a person who tends to prefer the penetrating role, either in oral or anal sex. In a survey of nearly 56,000 profiles on gay.com, researchers found that 32% of US respondents preferred bottom, 42% preferred versatile, and 26% preferred this role.</td><td>Monica Lewinsky
A White House intern who had an affair with Bill Clinton during his second term. She famously kept a blue dress that had the president's semen on it, which was used in an investigation that led to his impeachment. She later became a spokesperson for Jenny Craig.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Area Man
A stock character in banal headlines from The Onion. He believes, for instance, that his "Intelligence Probably Just Too Intimidating For Most Women," that he "Could Eat," and that he is a "Passionate Defender Of What He Imagines Constitution To Be."</td><td>Jack Skellington
The Pumpkin King of Halloween Town from the film The Nightmare Before Christmas. He organizes all Halloween festivities and one year becomes obsessed with taking over Christmas as well. He appears as a gangly skeleton dressed in a pin-striped suit and bat bow tie.</td><td>A Power Bottom
In gay culture, a controversial term that sometimes refers to a partner who can receive penetration for a long time, sometimes to a partner who is looking for an especially well-endowed top, and sometimes to a partner who just prefers being a bottom.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
4
POINTS</td><td>CARD BY HEATHER BAKER
2
POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Schrödinger's Cat
A thought experiment where this feline is both alive and dead due to quantum entanglement. It was originally used to critique an interpretation of quantum mechanics, but now appears often in popular culture, ranging from A Serious Man to Yu-Gi-Oh! GX.</td><td>Mr. Wizard
The eponymous host of a children's science show, who Bill Nye credited with creating a generation of US scientists. A popular YouTube supercut shows him being "a dick" to kids on the show, sarcastically asking questions like "Haven't you ever seen a sliced banana before?"</td><td>Double Rainbow Guy
The moniker of Paul "Yosemiteb bear"
Vasquez, a one-time MMA fighter (0-1) and YouTube star who reacts to prismatic light, noting that there are two of them and that they are "so intense." As he breaks down into tears he asks "What does this mean?"</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
2
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Kindergarten Cop</td><td>Fabio</td><td>David Caruso</td></tr><tr><td>The title character from a 1990 comedy about a detective who goes undercover at an elementary school and discovers his love of teaching. Played by Arnold Schwarzenegger, the film is famous for the line "It's not a tumor!" which he delivers in his thick Austrian accent.</td><td>A long-haired Italian model who posed for countless romance novel covers. He entered the realm of self-parody as the spokesman for I Can't Believe It's Not Butter. He also released an album of soliloquies on love and killed a seagull with his face while riding a roller coaster.</td><td>An actor best known as Lieutenant Horatio Caine on the CBS series CSI: Miami. At the beginning of each show, he delivers a quippy one-liner while simultaneously putting on his trademark sunglasses before the show cuts to its theme song, "Won't Get Fooed Again."</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Jack Kevorkian</td><td>Deepak Chopra</td><td>Joey Chestnut</td></tr><tr><td>A doctor and euthanasia activist who was nicknamed "Dr. Death" during his trial for second-degree murder of terminally ill patients who sought his assistance. He was also a jazz flautist and composer, and released the album A Very Still Life on the label Lucid Subjazz in 1997.</td><td>A teacher of alternative medicine and Transcendental Meditation, who mixes a vague understanding of physics with more standard new age practices. Arguably the world's most famous guru, he has been referred to as "the David Beckham of personal/spiritual growth."</td><td>A competitive eater best known for dethroning Kobayashi as the world's top hot dog eater by using Kobayashi's own strategies against him. As of 2014, he holds the world record of eating 69 hot dogs and buns (HDB). He also holds a similar record for deep fried asparagus.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Grumpy Cat</td><td>Jiro</td><td>8 Maids-a-Milking</td></tr><tr><td>The internet name for Tardar Sauce, a feline who gained celebrity due to her permanently negative expression. Her owner attributes her appearance to feline dwarism as well as an underbite. In 2013, she appeared on the front pages of The Wall Street Journal &amp; NY Magazine.</td><td>A Japanese sushi master and subject of a 2011 documentary bearing his name. His 10-seat bar is one of the most difficult restaurants in the world to get a reservation, despite the 20-course tasting menu costing ¥30,000 (nearly $300) and being located in a Tokyo subway station.</td><td>An octet that appears in the song "The Twelve Days of Christmas," an English Christmas carol that lists a series of gifts given by "my true love" on each of those days. These individuals, who tend to dairy cows, are first presented on the eighth day of Christmas.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>John Wayne 
Bobbitt</td><td>Feminist 
Ryan Gosling</td><td>A Reptilian</td></tr><tr><td>An abusive husband whose wife cut off his penis. He made every effort to profit from the incident, starring in several porn movies centered around his reattached member and starting a band called The Severed Parts. He continued to abuse women in subsequent relationships.</td><td>A meme of the actor who played Noah in The Notebook and stomped on a man's head until it exploded in Drive, showing him in deep thought with captions of "Hey girl," followed by empowering yet seductive quips like "I stood with Wendy Davis, but I'd lie down anywhere with you."</td><td>A humanoid common in conspiracy theories about a race of shape-shifting lizard people who control governments around the world. On a 2011 radio show, Louis C.K. once repeatedly asked former US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld if he was one of these.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>3</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Wilford Brimley</td><td>A Boss</td><td>The black guy from The Shining (Scatman Crothers)</td></tr><tr><td>An actor known for his walrus-like white mustache and pronunciation of the word "Diabetes." He played an old grump in Cocoon and several other films in the 80s. He was also a spokesperson for a range of old-people products, like Quaker Oats and Diabeetus supplies.</td><td>An internet catchphrase that signals a person being like one of these, normally used after completing an activity with particular skill. The term originated in a song by Slim Thug and was featured in a subsequent parody version from the comedy group The Lonely Island.</td><td>An actor famous for his role in Chico and the Man as well as Stanley Kubrick's 1980 horror film, where he plays the telepathic chef and erotic art connoisseur Dick Hallorann. Late in the film, he is killed by an axe blow to the chest by the psycho-pathic writer Jack Torrance.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>3</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>John McAfee</td><td>Chris Farley</td><td>A Booth Babe</td></tr><tr><td>The creator of annoying anti-virus software, who in 2012 fled Belize for Guatemala under suspicion of murder. Vice Media accidentally gave away his location and he was deported to the US. He is often photographed shirtless with young women and assault weapons.</td><td>An overweight comedian known for his iconic roles on TV and film. He portrayed a guy who "lives in a van down by the river," a "fat guy in a little coat," and sometimes just a guy who falls down and breaks things. He died of a cocaine and morphine overdose at 33.</td><td>A promotional model, often a scantily clad woman, who is paid to interact with potential costumers at conventions and other public events. Nintendo infamously demoed its 3DS console by chaining them to bikini-wearing members of this profession.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>1</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Lil Bub
A cat celebrity known for her "perma-kitten" appearance, whose tongue hangs out because of a short lower jaw and toothlessness. Her appetite is unaffected. Her owner, Mike, studied reiki to care for her and calls her "a fantastic waddler."</td><td>Grimace
Initially a villain in the McDonald land universe, this purple monster was retconned as a loveable hero. He also appears in a meme featuring a crudely drawn version posing seductively and asking Ronald McDonald if he wants some "McNuggies."</td><td>Sad Keanu
A 2010 meme based on a photo of the actor known for his starring roles in Speed, Point Break, The Matrix, and other blockbusters. He is shown sitting on a bench by himself, eating a sandwich, and looking forlorn. The action figure of this comes in two sizes: Teeny and Little.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
3
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Xena,
Warrior Princess
The title character of the cult classic TV show starring New Zealand actor Lucy Lawless. The show was a spinoff of Hercules: The Legendary Journeys and featured her weekly adventures and pursuit of the "greater good" in a mythological version of Ancient Greece.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td><td>Banksy
The pseudonym of a mysterious UK graffiti artist. His work uses stencils to depict satirical characters, often interacting with the environment. Though nominated for an Academy Award as a documentary, his film Exit Through the Gift Shop is now widely accepted as a hoax.</td><td>Octopussy
The title character and Bond girl in the 13th film of the series. She leads a cephalopod cult and circus troupe from a floating palace in Udaipur, India, which is inexplicably part of an Afghan plot to force European disarmament by using a nuclear weapon.</td></tr><tr><td>Ruth Bader Ginsburg
A Supreme Court Justice known for her advocacy for women's rights and collection of jabots, a lace neck ruffle. She has a fervid online following, with tumburs dedicated to images of her with captions such as "Notorious" and "All them fives need to listen when a ten is talking."</td><td>Joaquin Phoenix's forehead
An area of the head of the actor known for his roles in Gladiator, Walk the Line, and I'm Still Here. In 2014, a video was uploaded to YouTube showing that the creases on the actor's forehead, when viewed upside down, form a funny little face.</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
4
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
3
POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr></table>