<table><tr><td>Miss Piggy
A porcine Muppet and spouse of Kermit the Frog, who she frequently pounces on. A notorious diva and singer, she is modeled on the singer and actress Peggy Lee. Throughout her career, she has been used to symbolize the modern American woman.</td><td>Anthony Weiner
The disgraced former Congressman, who sent explicit photographs of himself via Twitter. After one leaked, he was forced to resign. He was involved in a subsequent scandal after it was revealed that he continued sending photos under the alias Carlos Danger.</td><td>A Lab Rat
A rodent used in academic or commercial research, often as a precursor to human trials in the early stages of a project. They are regularly decapitated with scissors. A common trope of early psychology research was to place one in a maze to find a wedge of cheese.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
1
POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Tom Selleck's mustache
The facial hair of this American actor and 80s style icon. He is most famous for his title role in Magnum, P.I. as well as appearances in films such as Three Men and a Baby and Mr. Baseball. In addition to his upper lip decoration, his signature look included colorful Hawaiian shirts.</td><td>A Close Talker
A person who stands uncomfortably near a person while speaking. This term was first coined in "The Raincoats," an episode of Seinfeld. In it, Elaine's new boyfriend Aaron is described as being one of these, disrupting the personal space of anyone he speaks to.</td><td>Yoko Ono
An avant-garde artist maligned for allegedly breaking up the Beatles. Despite her inability to carry a tune, many of her songs have topped the dance charts, mostly as remixes. She and John Lennon used their honeymoon to stage bed-ins to protest the Vietnam War.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
3
POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Roger Ebert
A critic who popularized film review with his thumbs up, thumbs down system. Late in life, his lower jaw was removed to combat cancer of the salivary glands. He was unable to speak or eat normally, yet continued to write and review films both online and in print.</td><td>Kevin Bacon
An actor best known for the game based on six degrees of separation that bears his name, e.g. André the Giant and Christopher Guest appeared in The Princess Bride; Christopher Guest and this actor appeared in A Few Good Men; thus André the Giant's number is 2).</td><td>A Gerbil
A small rodent often kept as a pet. Numerous urban legends exist involving this animal and various celebrity anuses.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td><td>ET CETERA
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">The Shark from Jaws
A man-eating great white that
terrorizes the town of Amity Island
in a film by Steven Spielberg. Not
seen until well into the film, it is so
large that Roy Scheider's character
suggests the crew is "gonna need a
bigGER boat." It was nicknamed
Bruce after Spielberg's lawyer.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1 POINT
A T. Rex
Meaning "lizard king," this species of
bipedal carnivore lived in western
North America during the
Cretaceous Period. They are the
most widely known dinosaur in the
world due to their adorably tiny
arms and footsteps that vibrate
cups of water.
ET CETERA
1 POINT
Colonel Mustard
A character from the board game
Clue (aka Cluedo). He was originally
named Yellow, but had his name
changed to this condiment instead.
In Hasbro's latest update, he is now
a former football player. In the
classic film adaptation, he was
played by Martin Mull.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1 POINT
The Boogeyman
A creature used by adults to scare
children into good behavior. Its
description and motivations vary
across cultures, but often include
kidnapping misbehaving children.
Variants of this monster include
Latin America's "Sack Man" and
Egypt's "Man With Burnt Leg."</td><td>The Boogeyman
A creature used by adults to scare
children into good behavior. Its
description and motivations vary
across cultures, but often include
kidnapping misbehaving children.
Variants of this monster include
Latin America's "Sack Man" and
Egypt's "Man With Burnt Leg."</td><td>Your Evil Twin
A common trope, where the
physical duplicate of a character
appears, but with inverted values.
They are often depicted with subtle
alterations, such as Spock's ruthless
doppelgänger having a goatee. The
words above or your name prefixed
by the second word are both valid.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
1 POINT
Rip Van Winkle
The protagonist of a Washington
Irving short story, who drinks
moonshine, goes bowling with
ghostly Dutchmen, falls asleep, and
awakens decades into the future
with a long, scraggly beard. He
returns to his village and finds that
his wife and friends have all died.</td><td>ET CETERA
3 POINTS
The Winklevii
The twins, rowers, and entrepre-
neurs best known for suing
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg
for $140M, claiming he stole their
idea for the social networking site.
They are now venture capitalists,
and as of 2014, own nearly 1% of all
Bitcoin in existence.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1 POINT
A Swinger
A person who engages in
recreational intercourse outside of a
monogamous relationship. Despite
public declarations otherwise, in a
recent study by the Kinsey Institute,
these individuals make up 2-4% of
married couples in North Ameri-
ca-over 4 million people in total.</td><td>CELEBRITY
3 POINTS
Cesar Millan
Known as The Dog Whisperer, he is
a self-taught trainer famous for his
TV show, where he goes into homes
to deal with especially difficult
animals. His methods rely on
outdated beliefs about canine social
structures, yet his advice is used by
dog owners worldwide.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
1 POINT
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1 POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>A Nutcracker
A device for cracking hard shells.
They can be highly decorative, with individual wooden bodies depicting soldiers or royalty. In these versions, the shell is inserted into the figure's mouth and a lever is pressed down, which crushes the shell and reveals the sweet, sweet meat inside.</td><td>Rick James
A musician whose decadent, drug-fueled lifestyle is frequently parodied, notably in several "True Hollywood Stories" on The Chappelle Show. The popularity of depictions of his cocaine habits and use of the word "bitch" contributed to Chappelle leaving the show.</td><td>Gene Wilder
The stage name of Jerome Silberman, who is best known for his collaboration with Mel Brooks in Blazing Saddles, The Producers, and other films. An image of him in Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Factory is used in the popular Condescending Wonka caption online.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
1
POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td></tr><tr><td>A Werewolf
A human who transforms into a hirsute, bloodthirsty creature.
Known as lycanthropy, this change is often triggered by a full moon.
Suspected lycanthropes were persecuted in early modern Europe, and are now a staple figure in pop culture and party games.</td><td>Bob Ross
A painter and TV host, who starred in PBS's The Joy of Painting. He taught viewers how to paint "fluffy white clouds" and "happy little trees" using wet on wet painting. He supposedly hated his white-guy afro and kept it only for marketing purposes.</td><td>Thomas Kinkade
The self-styled Painter of Light™, whose paintings often featured cottages with glowing lights in overly saturated pastoral landscapes. He died, according to his mistress, "very happy" from acute intoxication of alcohol and Valium.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Planeteer
One of the five teenagers who possess rings that allows them to control Earth, Fire, Wind, Water, or Heart. When their powers combine, they summon the environmental superhero Captain Planet to help fight villains such as Hoggish Greedy and Verminous Skumm.</td><td>You
The person reading this card. The word above or your actual name are both valid.</td><td>Honey Boo Boo
A child beauty pageant contestant and star of a TLC reality show. She is known for her southern drawl, love of "Go Go Juice" (a blend of Mountain Dew and Red Bull), and open-minded attitude, having once said of her uncle, "Ain't nothing wrong with bein' a little gay."</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>ET CETERA
1
POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Nihilist
Popularly, someone who believes in nothing. As a philosophical concept, a person who believes that major aspects of life or human inquiry are either not valid or do not exist. They are often portrayed as effete intellectuals, such as the wimpy German thugs in The Big Lebowski.</td><td>Phineas Gage
A 19th century railroad worker and frequent citation in undergraduate psychology papers. His left frontal lobe was severely damaged following an explosion that drove an iron spike through his skull. The damage resulted in a radical change in his personality and behavior.</td><td>Ricardo Montalban
A Mexican actor who played Khan Noonien Singh in the original Star Trek series and Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. He was also known for his endorsement of the Chrysler Córdoba, where he praised the "tastefulness of its appearance" and its "soft Corinthian leather."</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>CARD BY ASHER VOLLMER
4 POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Redshirt
A stock, semi-anonymous character who is introduced only to die soon after. The term derives from the costumes worn by extras in the original Star Trek television series who would accompany the lead actors to a hostile situation and be killed in order to heighten tension.</td><td>David Attenborough
Widely known as the voice of nature documentaries, he is considered a national treasure in the UK (though he rejects the term). He is so beloved that his replacement with Sigourney Weaver as the narrator in the American version of Planet Earth caused protests online.</td><td>A Catholic Priest
A ministerial order of the first Christian church to whom God grants the power of transubstantia-tion during Mass. Although they take a vow of chastity, there have been many molestation scandals, perhaps due to the ready access their authority affords them.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Id
One of the three parts of Sigmund Freud's model of the psyche that constitute mental life. This part contains a person's instincts and is the source of our impulse for sex and aggression. In adult life it becomes the most dark, inaccessible aspect of personality.</td><td>Yorick
A character whose remains are dug up in Shakespeare's Hamlet. He provokes a lengthy rumination on the ravages of time by Hamlet, leading to the most characteristic image from the play: the prince holding this character's skull aloft while delivering a monologue.</td><td>Jim Jones
An American cult leader and founder of the Peoples Temple. After the group's murder of a congressional delegation, he forced the mass suicide of its 910 members in their Guyana compound by drinking grape Kool-Aid laced with cyanide and sedatives.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
4 POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Man from Nantucket</td><td>Bobby Fischer</td><td>Rob Ford</td></tr><tr><td>A character from a famous limerick that references an island 30 miles south of Cape Cod. The limerick describes this person as being particularly well-endowed, with the most popular rhyming couplet being "Whose dick was so long he could suck it."</td><td>America's greatest chess player and one of its most famous racists. He defeated Boris Spassky in 1971 to become world champion. A recluse, he returned to the public eye in the 90s to invent a new Chess timing system and to be a public anti-Sem-ite before dying in Iceland in 2008.</td><td>The disgraced mayor of Toronto who confessed to smoking crack "probably in one of my drunken stupors." Responding to allegations of sexual harassment, he said, "It was said I want to eat her pussy. I would never do that. I've got more than enough to eat at home."</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>Oskar Schindler</td><td>Ouroboros</td><td>Lot's Wife</td></tr><tr><td>A wealthy German industrialist, who protected his Jewish factory employees from deportation and death during the Holocaust. By the end of World War II, he had spent his entire fortune on bribes to Nazi officials and black-market items for the workers on his famous list.</td><td>An ancient symbol that represents the cyclical nature of existence, eternal return, and rebirth. Its first known usage was in an Ancient Egyptian source, but appears across many cultures. It is most frequently depicted as a snake or serpent eating its own tail.</td><td>A Biblical figure who was spared from God's divine judgment against the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. As the cities were being destroyed by fire and brimstone, her family was told by angels "look not behind thee." She did and was transformed into a pillar of salt.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Catherine the Great</td><td>Catherine the Great's Horse</td><td>William Henry Harrison</td></tr><tr><td>The "Empress and Autocrat of all the Russians," who led the country's Golden Age: an era of revitalization and recognition as a great power of Europe. She took many lovers during her reign, leading to legends about her sexual proclivities, including an erotic desire for horses.</td><td>The alleged equine lover of a Russian Empress who led the country through its Golden Age. She took many lovers during her reign, which gave rise to legends about her sexual proclivities, including an erotic desire for this kind of animal.</td><td>The 9th President of the US, whose most notable accomplishment in office was dying 30 days, 12 hours, and 30 minutes into his term. The cause of death was pneumonia, which doctors failed to cure with a combination of opium, leeches, and Virginia snakweed.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Horse-Sized Duck</td><td>Jareth, the Goblin King</td><td>A Dungeon Master</td></tr><tr><td>From a hypothetical scenario that poses the question of who would win in a fight: a single equine-sized fowl or fivecore fowl-sized equines. The question was made famous in a 2012 Reddit AMA with President Barack Obama. The comment received over 1,000 upvotes.</td><td>The villain from the 1986 film Labyrinth by Jim Henson. Played by David Bowie, a 40-year-old Bowie kidnaps the baby brother of a teenage Jennifer Connelly, who he then attempts to woo with his crystal orbs, giant codpiece, and teased-out blonde bangs.</td><td>The organizer and storyteller in a fantasy roleplaying campaign, most often associated with D&amp;D. They manage all aspects of a game other than the direct actions of the player characters, and are commonly seen rolling 20-sided dice behind a protective cardboard screen.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>4 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Log Lady</td><td>Tycho Brahe</td><td>Cocaine Bear</td></tr><tr><td>A minor character from the television show Twin Peaks. She carries a piece of a tree cradled in her arms at all times, and seems to act as a medium between the object and the outside world, such as when she claims that it "saw something" the night Laura Palmer died.</td><td>A Danish noble and astronomer. At 20, he lost part of his nose in a duel and wore a replacement made of silver and gold. He owned a pet elk and hired a psychic dwarf named Jepp. He is rumored to have died from refusing to leave a banquet to urinate, because etiquette.</td><td>An ursine internet meme, who "fucking loves" this white, powdery drug. The image, which shows the creature's roaring face covered in snow, is a parody of the "binge" trope in TV and film, such as Al Pacino's Scarface and Dave Chappelle's Tyrone Biggums.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>4 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Baby Einstein</td><td>Anita Hill</td><td>A dog doing yoga</td></tr><tr><td>The German theoretical physicist and Nobel Prize winner, as an infant. He devised the "world's most famous equation," his mass-energy formula E=mc². This could also refer to a series of potentially ineffective educational products designed for infants.</td><td>An attorney and academic who was thrust into the spotlight when she accused Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment. She claimed that Thomas, among other comments, once asked her "Who has put pubic hair on my Coke?"</td><td>A canine who practices the Indian tradition of physical, mental, and spiritual transformation. In western cultures this practice is most often associated with physical exercise focused on stretching and the assumption of physical postures such as eagle and tree.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>4 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Streaker
A person who strips naked and runs through a public space, either for fun, on a dare, or as a political statement. The first recorded instance was in 1799, when a man was bet 10 guineas to run naked from Cornhill to Cheapside in London.</td><td>Robert Hamilton
An American artist and self described "best totally unknown painter in the world." His improvisational style was praised by modernist contemporaries, including Andrew Wyeth. Like his beloved jazz, Hamilton believed "the picture makes itself. When I'm finished, I don't know how the hell I did it."</td><td>Dramatic Chipmunk
The subject of an often imitated, never duplicated YouTube video of a prairie dog turning its head while the camera zooms in and the music from Young Frankenstein plays. The clip is frequently modified to show the prairie dog wearing costumes or being caught viewing elicit material.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
1
POINT</td><td>CARD BY RICHARD MAXFIELD
4
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Sting
The stage name of Gordon Sumner, former member of The Police and solo musician. Late in his career, he abandoned his rock sound for more mellow instruments like the sitar and lute. He is also rumored to possess legendary sexual stamina due to his devotion to tantric yoga.
CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td><td>Priapus
A fertility god of the Ancient Greek countryside, where statues were erected of him in gardens to protect livestock, plants, and men's virility.
He was easily recognized by his massive, permanent erection, which led to the medical term for that condition.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
4
POINTS</td><td>Your High School Gym Teacher
The P.E. instructor of the person reading this card. The word above or the actual name of your real-life P.E. instructor are both valid.
ET CETERA
4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Noble Savage
A literary concept of an individual or group that is uncorrupted by human civilization. It is often used today to signify condescension toward non-Western cultures, such as the portrayal of Native Americans in Dances with Wolves or the Na'vi in Avatar.
ET CETERA
4
POINTS</td><td>Bartleby
the Scrivener
The title character from a short story by Herman Melville, who is employed to copy legal documents by hand. After gaining a reputation as a hard worker, he unexpectedly refuses to do any further work, instead repeating "I would prefer not to" to all requests.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
4
POINTS</td><td>Grape Lady
A newscaster who falls from a platform after attempting to cheat during a light-hearted segment at Chateau Elan Winery. After falling out of frame, she is heard off camera making strange noises and saying, "OW OW OW...STOP STOP...OOH OOH OOH...I can't breathe."</td></tr><tr><td>Pedobear</td><td>Judas Iscariot</td><td>Lolita</td></tr><tr><td>An ursine character who is popular on the website 4chan and is used to mock individuals with a sexual interest in minors. He sometimes appears accidentally in the press, such as a story in a Polish newspaper that this character would be the mascot for the 2010 Olympics.</td><td>One of Jesus's twelve apostles, who betrayed him for 30 pieces of silver. He famously revealed Jesus's identity to Roman soldiers by giving him a kiss, and his name is now synonymous with betraying a person or even an abstract set of ideals.</td><td>The title character of a Vladimir Nabokov novel, referring to the nickname given to 12-year-old Dolores Haze by her stepfather, the hebophile Humbert Humbert. Nabokov has expressed pleasure that because of him, people no longer name their children this.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Siri</td><td>Silvio Berlusconi</td><td>The Dread Pirate Roberts</td></tr><tr><td>The name of Apple's personal assistant on iOS operation system that interacts with users through natural language. It has spawned a popular Tumblr consisting of ironic interactions, such as the search "I have a gambling addiction" returning a list of nearby casinos.</td><td>The former Prime Minister of Italy, owner of A.C. Milan, and serial tax evader. He is notorious for soliciting prostitutes and for organizing a type of orgy known as a "bunga bunga." It is rumored that the concept was introduced to him by Libyan dictator, Muammar Gaddafi.</td><td>The founder of the Silk Road, the "amazon.com of illegal drugs." His identity remains a mystery, though the name suggests it belongs to multiple people, since it was lifted from a character in the The Princess Bride, where a mythical brigand is actually a series of individuals.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Harry Houdini</td><td>The Sorcerer's Apprentice</td><td>Honey Boo Boo</td></tr><tr><td>A magician, who in his most famous trick, the Chinese Water Torture Cell, escaped from a water-filled tank while he was hanging upside-down. He was also known for debunking psychics and mediums, a tradition carried on to this day by professional magicians.</td><td>The assistant to a wizard in Disney's Fantasy. Played by Mickey Mouse, he enchants a broom to fetch water. Unable to control the magic, a flood ensues. Each time he attempts to destroy the broom and end the spell, it splits in half and continues its work at double pace.</td><td>A child beauty pageant contestant and star of a TLC reality show. She is known for her southern drawl, love of "Go Go Juice" (a blend of Mountain Dew and Red Bull), and open-minded attitude, having once said of her uncle, "Ain't nothing wrong with bein' a little gay."</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Koko</td><td>The 800
Pound Gorilla</td><td>Charizard</td></tr><tr><td>A gorilla who was taught by her trainer to sign over 1,000 words of GSL (Gorilla Sign Language) and allegedly could understand 2,000 words of English. She chose a mate from a series of videotapes in an early form of online dating, though they have not yet mated.</td><td>An idiom that describes a primate so powerful and heavy that it can ignore the rights of others. The original source is a riddle that asks where it sits (A: Anywhere it wants.) This term is commonly confused with a similar expression about an elephant.</td><td>A species of Pokémon that resembles an orange dragon and is the evolved form of Charmleon and the final evolution of Charman-der. Despite its appearance, it is a fire/flying type, NOT a dragon type. Its Japanese name is Lizard (じジ-てん).</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>3
POINTS</td><td>4
POINTS</td><td>4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Portnoy</td><td>The Boy Who Cried Wolf</td><td>Roland the Farter, Flatulist to the King</td></tr><tr><td>The title character from a 1969 novel by Philip Roth that is told as an extended psychotherapy session by a young Jewish bachelor. The novel is notorious for its description of this character masturbating with a piece of raw liver, which his mother later serves for dinner.</td><td>A shepherd from Aesop's Fables who tricked villagers by raising false alarm about his sheep being attacked. When a legitimate threat occurs, the villagers do not respond and the flock is devoured. The fable appears to have little effect on the likelihood of lying among children.</td><td>A 12th century court jester to Henry II. In exchange for his services ("he was obliged to perform every year on the birthday of our Lord before his master, one jump, and a whistle, and one fart"), he received a manor and 30 acres of land in the county of Suffolk.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CARD BY MAX TEMKIN</td></tr><tr><td>4
POINTS</td><td>4
POINTS</td><td>4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Nicholas Georgiton</td><td>A Civil War Reenactor</td><td>Mia Hamm</td></tr><tr><td>Hero or villain? Attorney or Presbyterian? All we know for sure is that he has internet access and $300 in disposable income.</td><td>A "living historian," who spends their free time roleplaying as a Confederate or Union soldier in America's bloodiest war. A participant typically falls into one of three classes, from least to most authentic (and unbearable): farb, mainstream, and progressive.</td><td>A retired professional soccer player who helped lead America's team to their 1999 World Cup win. The iconic photo of her in a sports bra sliding on her knees, yelling with her fists clenched in celebration, is actually of her teammate Brandi Chastain.</td></tr><tr><td>CARD BY NICHOLAS GEORGITON</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>4
POINTS</td><td>4
POINTS</td><td>2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman</td><td>Captain Ahab</td><td>Oprah's best friend (Gayle)</td></tr><tr><td>The title character of a 90s TV show about a 19th century aristocrat who sets up a clinic in Colorado Springs. Played by Jane Seymour, she introduces modern healing practices to the town's locals as well as to her rugged mountain man Byron Sully.</td><td>The monomaniacal, peg-legged commander of the Pequod whaleship in Herman Melville's novel Moby Dick. His quest for vengeance against the white whale drives him mad, leading to the death of his entire crew except Ishmael, the novel's narrator.</td><td>The co-anchor of CBS This Morning and Editor-at-large for O Magazine. She gained notoriety for her long-running relationship with a famous talk show host and "Queen of All Media." Despite being married to a man, there are persistent rumors that the two are lovers.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Skeleton</td><td>Star Wars Kid</td><td>A Merman</td></tr><tr><td>The main villain in the Masters of the Universe fantasy world. He is the arch nemesis of He-Man and is typically shows with a blue humanoid body, bare skull, and purple hood. His goal is to learn the secrets of Castle Grayskull and use them to conquer the land of Eternia.</td><td>The star of a viral video that shows a high school student imitating light Saber moves using a golf ball retriever. The tape leaked online after being left in the basement of his school, leading to dozens of remixes featuring music and advanced special effects.</td><td>The male version of the mythological creature that is a woman from the waist up but has a fish tail in place of legs. Their behaviors and abilities range across cultures, and include having green teeth, the ability to cure illnesses, seducing women, and holding tridents.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CARD BY ANDY BAIO</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Montezuma</td><td>A Damsel in Distress</td><td>Clippy</td></tr><tr><td>The 9th tlatoani of Tenochtitlan and ruler of the Aztec Triple Alliance. During their first contact with Europeans, he was killed by conquistador Hernán Cortés's men as the fled his capital. His "revenge" is a euphemism for contracting traveler's diarrhea in Mexico.</td><td>A sexist archetype in literature, film, and games of a helpless woman that must be saved by a male character, such as Princess Peach in the Mario franchise. A recent YouTube series by Feminist Frequency charted the plot device throughout the history of gaming.</td><td>The nickname of the Office Assistant in Microsoft Office, who appears as the metal object used to hold sheets of paper together. He would "tap" on the monitor to get your attention. Supposedly, Microsoft's internal name for it was TFC (The Fucking Clown).</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The 1%</td><td>Helen Keller</td><td>A Mormon</td></tr><tr><td>A political and economic classifica-
tion for the group of individuals
who earn up to a quarter of total
income in the US. It was derived
from the slogans of the Occupy
Wall Street movement of 2011,
which were meant to highlight
growing economic inequality.</td><td>The deafblind author, leftist, and
suffragist, whose teacher, Anne
Sullivan, taught her to communicate
by spelling words into her hands,
beginning with the word "doll."
Their relationship was the subject of
the biographical play and film The
Miracle Worker.</td><td>A member of the Latter-Day Saints,
inspired by the visions of 19th
century American Joseph Smith.
They were once infamous for some
members practicing polygamy.
Members taking part in endowment
ceremonies wear special underwear
called “temple garments.”</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Walrus</td><td>Robocop</td><td>Betsy Ross</td></tr><tr><td>The character in a song by the
Beattles from their album Magical
Mystery Tour. It is a reference to a
Lewis Carroll's poem, also about a
flipped marine mammal. The lyrics
that follow, “Goo Goo Ga Joob,”
possibly stated by the character,
were drawn from Finnegan's Wake.</td><td>The title character of an 80s sci-fi
film about a cyborg policeman who
is tasked by the evil Omni Consumer
Products megacorporation to
protect Detroit. In 2011, a group
raised $67,436 on the crowdfunding
site Kiskstarter to create a 7 foot tall
bronze statue of the character.</td><td>The person widely believed to have
sewn the first American flag for
George Washington. Research by
the National Museum of American
History suggests that this story did
not enter popular culture until its
1876 centennial celebration, casting
doubt on the veracity of this claim.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Big Brother</td><td>Tubgirl</td><td>The Superego</td></tr><tr><td>The personification of the nanny
state, which comes from Oceania's
totalitarian leader in George Orwell's
novel 1984. He is frequently
reminded to be “watching you,”
though in an instance of the novel's
doublethink, the expression is both a
veiled threat and a reassurance.</td><td>A shock image depicting a naked,
masked woman lying on her back in
the bath, with a fountain of
yellowish-orange liquid surging
from her anus onto her face,
supposedly the result of an orange
juice enema. The image was often
allied to be popular in Japan.</td><td>One of the three parts of
Sigmund Freud's model of the
psyche that constitute mental life.
This part forms a person's ability to
punish themselves for misbehavior. It
often draws on cultural lessons,
acting as a source of rules from
parents and other authority figures.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Frogger
The title amphibian from a classic 80s arcade game, where you cross heavy traffic and hitch a ride on logs to cross a treacherous river. A real-life version was played with a Roomba decorated as the character. It made it across a highway 10 times before being flattened by an SUV.</td><td>Conjoined Twins
A rare occurrence where identical fetuses are joined together in utero. Classifications are based on where their bodies are joined, e.g. syncephalus (one head, single face, four ears, two bodies), cephalothoracopagus (fused bodies, two faces facing in opposite directions).</td><td>Comic Book Guy
The overweight owner of The Android's Dungeon &amp; Baseball Card Shop on The Simpsons. His character has a master's degree in folklore mythology—he translated The Lord of the Rings into Klingon—and is known for his catchphrase "Worst [blank] ever."</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Dr. Mario
This plumber-turned-pharmacist and title character of this Nintendo puzzle series. Clearly inspired by Tetris, the player organizes pills by color, ostensibly to eradicate viruses and definitely not to teach children how to raid their parent's medicine cabinet.</td><td>A Troll Doll
A plastic toy depicting a being with distinctive tall, bright, and fuzzy hair. They were the subject of fads throughout the 70s, 80s, and 90s. The original version was carved by a poor Danish fisherman and woodcutter as a Christmas gift to his daughter.</td><td>A Dead Horse
Useless to beat and effectively unrideable, this deceased animal is used in an idiom to explain that a point, once made, does not need to be re-stated. Similar the phrase, "To slay the slain." This animal is substituted with a dog in other parts of the English speaking world.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>An Amish
A member of a Christian sect from PA Dutch country. They are known for wearing traditional dress and eschewing modern technology. Some practice Rumspringa, where restrictions are lifted for adolescents seeking to experience the temptations of the outside world.</td><td>Dikembe Mutombo
A 7'2" Congolese-American basketball player best known for his incredibly deep voice, thick accent, and penchant for waving his index finger at opponents after stuffing them at the rim. He once described the restaurant Pasta Pasta as being "named after pasta."</td><td>Lady Gaga's meat dress
A piece of raw beef worn by "Mother Monster" to the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards. The pop diva stated that she wore the item to highlight her distaste for the military's don't-ask-don't-tell policy. The item was preserved by a taxidermist, who turned it into jerky.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
2 POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Kenny G</td><td>Solange Knowles</td><td>A Pug</td></tr><tr><td>A smooth jazz saxophonist, who is universally reviled by jazz aficionados while simultaneously being one of the best selling recording artists of all time. Using circular breathing, he set a world record for longest note recorded by holding an E-flat for 45 minutes and 47 seconds.</td><td>A singer, temporary member of Destiny's Child, and sister of Beyoncé. In 2014, TMZ published security footage of her physically assaulting her brother-in-law, Jay-Z, who along with Beyoncé, did not retaliate. The cause of her outburst remains unknown.</td><td>A short-snouted, brachycephalic dog breed. Generations of inbreeding have led to compact breathing passages that leave them unable to regulate their body temperature by panting. Many airlines have restricted their transport due to in-air deaths.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Invisible Man</td><td>Carrie</td><td>Prancer</td></tr><tr><td>The title of both Ralph Ellison's novel about the struggle of black intellectuals in early 20th century America and H.G. Well's sci-fi novella about a avaricious, power-mad man who is able to alter his body's refractive index to reflect no light.</td><td>The title character of a horror film based on a Stephen King story. She manifests telekinetic abilities after being bullied about her first period. In the film's climax, she is doused in an upended bucket of pig's blood at prom, leading her to kill most of the attendees in an electrical fire.</td><td>One of the flying reindeer that pulls Santa's sleigh in "The Night Before Christmas." His name is also used in a fitness method and internet meme by Joanna Rohrback that is a "springy, rhythmic way of moving forward, similar to a horse's gait and ideally induced by elation"</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Hal-9000</td><td>An Immoveable Object</td><td>Chairy</td></tr><tr><td>The sentient computer from Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey. Initially a helpful part of the ship, it eventually turns on the crew, killing Dr. Poole before being disconnected by Dave. As its mind goes, it sings "Daisy Bell" while pleading for its life.</td><td>One half of a famous paradox that asks what would happen if a thing that cannot be stopped encounters a thing that cannot be moved.</td><td>An iconic characters from Pee-wee's Playhouse, a live-action children's show created by and starring Paul Reubens. She is a talking and singing piece of blue furniture with large eyes and a mouth between her cushions. She has a weirdly flirtatious relationship with Pee-wee.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The elephant that Thomas Edison electrocuted (Topsy)</td><td>The Soup Nazi</td><td>Mother Teresa</td></tr><tr><td>A pachyderm that was smuggled into the US to perform in the circus. After killing her trainer, she was publicly executed by being fed carrots laced with cyanide and receiving a 6,600-volt AC current. The event was captured on film and used as a promotional stunt.</td><td>A minor character from the sitcom Seinfeld. He exerts strict control over his restaurant's customers and practices price discrimination over the sale of his broth-based food. He was inspired by Al Yeganeh, a New York City chef, who famously took offense at the moniker.</td><td>A missionary and Nobel Peace Prize winner who claimed “the world is being helped by the suffering of poor people.” Her Home for the Dying Destitutes in Calcutta offered no significant medical care and only 7% of donations to her organization were directly used for charity.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>David Blaine</td><td>Lennie Small</td><td>Bill Clinton</td></tr><tr><td>A street magician known for his sleight of hand, silly endurance challenges, and being kind a douche. His stunts include getting buried for a long time, standing on a pole for a long time, holding his breath for a long time, and freaking Ricky Gervais out by stabbing himself.</td><td>The large, mentally disabled friend of George in Of Mice and Men. He loves petting soft things, but is unable to control his strength, accidentally killing a puppy and a woman. George shoots him at the end of the novel to protect him from an angry lynch mob.</td><td>The 42nd President of the US and tenor saxophonist. He was the second president to be impeached in office, due to charges related to receiving oral sex from a White House intern. The case famously depended “on what the meaning of the word ‘is’ is.”</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Flappy Bird</td><td>The Übermensch</td><td>The Dude</td></tr><tr><td>The winged title character from an iOS game where you navigate through a set of pipes. The creator removed the game from the App Store, despite earning $50,000 per day, in the wake of criticism over alleged plagiarism of graphics and gameplay mechanics.</td><td>A concept created by Nietzsche in Thus Spoke Zarathustra that roughly translates to “Superman.” A character in the book holds it up as a supreme goal for humanity to achieve. The term was incorrectly used by the Nazi regime to argue for a biologically superior race.</td><td>The nickname of Jeffrey Lebowski in the Coen Brothers film The Big Lebowski. Played by Jeff Bridges, he is depicted as an unemployed slacker, pacifist, and bowler who drinks White Russians and listens to Creedence. He was based on the Seattle Seven member Jeff Dowd.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Rat King
A creature comprised of multiple rodents knotted at the tail. While specimens exist in museums of curiosities, it is unlikely to ever have existed. It is also the name of a character from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise who exerts a telepathic influence over rodents.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Icarus
An mythical figure in Ancient Greece, who along with his father Daedalus, escape from the Labyrinth with wax wings. He is warned not to fly too high or too low. Ignoring the warning, the sun melts the wax and he plummets into the sea.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td><td>A Child Soldier
A term for a young person involved in armed conflicts, either voluntarily or involuntarily. International conventions exist to limit this activity, yet it remains a widespread practice, with 200,000 to 300,000 young people currently serving in either rebel and government forces.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>An Unstoppable Force
One half of a famous paradox that asks what would happen if a thing that cannot be stopped encounters a thing that cannot be moved.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Kate Bush
An English musician known for her idiosyncratic vocal delivery, literary sensibility, hit singles such as "Wuthering Heights" and "Baboosh-ka." One of her Karate instructors has noted that many of her dance moves owe a debt to her martial arts training.
CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td><td>A Cyberbully
A person who uses social media to launch personal attacks, rumors, or embarrassing photos or videos. Victims have been known to take their own life. Rebecca Black claims to have been a victim after receiving many hateful comments on the YouTube page for her song "Friday."
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Never Nude
The popular term for a gymnophobic, a person who fear nakedness. The condition was satirized on the show Arrested Development, where the character Tobias Fünke would wear cutoff jean shorts at all times. As of 2014, the condition is still not recognized by the DSM.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>A Juggalo
A fan of the Insane Clown Posse. These individuals gather in the woods each year for an annual "Gathering," where they celebrate their shared culture of wrestling, drinking Faygo soda, painting their faces, and listening to horrible, horrible, horrible music.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>A Doomsday Prepper
The subject of a reality TV show, these individuals plan for their survival following the breakdown of civilization. They likely have a cache of weapons, canned goods for making "bunker stew," and a belief that drinking one's own purified urine is not that big of a deal.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">The Robber from Settlers of Catan
A piece from the 1995 board game by Klaus Teuber. In the game's lore, it is the fictional island's most villainous character. Beginning on the desert hex, it soon begins stealing cards and siphoning resources at the direction of any player who roll a 7.
CARD BY AMY &amp; JOSH STERN
4 POINTS</td><td>Marie Antoinette
The Queen of France, who was guilotined during the French Revolution. Her last words were "Pardon me sir, I meant not to do it," after stepping on her executioner's foot. There is no evidence that she spoke the phrase most associated with her, "Let them eat cake."</td><td>Your Own Shadow
The two dimensional silhouette caused by your body blocking a light source. Peter Pan's famously ran away from him. Some particularly cowardly people are afraid of them.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
2 POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Werner Herzog
A German director, whose films often feature his own philosophical narration ("I believe the common denominator of the universe is not harmony, but chaos, hostility, and murder.") He was once shot with an air rifle during an interview and continued as if nothing happened.
CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td><td>Dolph Lundgren
An actor, director, martial artist, and chemical engineer. He played Ivan Drago in Rocky IV and He-Man opposite Frank Langella. After earning his masters degree, he turned down a Fulbright Scholarship to MIT to become Grace Jones's bodyguard.</td><td>The Jesus
An amateur bowler and alleged pederast in the Coen Brothers film The Big Lebowski. Played by John Turturro, he speaks with a heavy Cuban accent, paints his pinky fingers red, wears a hairnet, refers to himself in the third person, and is not to be fucked with.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">David Hasselhoff
An actor and musician who starred in Knight Rider and Baywatch. His daughter once recorded a video of him, shirtless and drunk, trying to eat a hamburger on the floor of a Las Vegas hotel room, while she lectured him on the importance of sobriety. Germans love him.
CELEBRITY
1 POINT</td><td>Right Said Fred
A London-based band formed by the Fairbrassin brothers in 1989, who are famous for their hit, "I'm Too Sexy," which pokes fun at the fashion industry with such notable lines as "Yeah on the catwalk, yeah / I shake my little tush on the catwalk."</td><td>A Flautist
A musician who performs using a rediless wind instrument. First used in 1860, this term is sometimes considered dated among players of the instrument. Notable performers include Sir James Galway, Jethro Tull's Ian Anderson, and Michelle Flaherty from American Pie.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Coke Mule</td><td>The Ego</td><td>A Manic Pixie Dream Girl</td></tr><tr><td>A person who smuggles illicit drugs across national borders. While methods vary, one involves swallowing latex balloons filled with the substance, which is later recovered in their feces. Detection of this method is difficult and is often only found on x-ray.</td><td>One of the three parts of Sigmund Freud's model of the psyche that constitute mental life. It plays an executive function, mediating between raw instinct and external reality, such as your ability to delay immediate pleasure for long term objectives.</td><td>Described by Nathan Rabin as a “bubbly, shallow creature that exists solely in the imaginations of sensitive writer-directors to teach young men to embrace life and its infinite mysteries.” Examples include Natalie Portman in Garden State and Zooey Deschanel in everything.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Greg Louganis</td><td>A Pufferfish</td><td>Ms. Pac-Man</td></tr><tr><td>A diver who hit his head on the board during the 1988 Olympic Games. It was later revealed that he was HIV positive at the time, though there was no chance of other athletes contracting the disease from the chlorinated water. Mario Lopez played him in a 1997 biopic.</td><td>One of the most infamous and deadly culinary dishes. Known as Fugu in Japan, its preparation is strictly controlled, because its liver, ovaries, and eyes contain fatal levels of tetrodotoxin. These areas must be carefully removed to avoid asphyxiation and death.</td><td>The hero of a 1982 arcade game, who navigates mazes and eats pellets, power pellets, and fruit while avoiding ghosts. One of gaming's first female protagonists, the only visible difference between her and her male counterpart is a pixelated red bow.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CARD BY NAT SIMS</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>General Butt Naked</td><td>Nyan Cat</td><td>Pharell's hat</td></tr><tr><td>A former leader for the Liberian warlord Roosevelt Johnson. He claimed that before battle “we would get drunk and drugged up, sacrifice a teenager, drink the blood, then strip down to our shoes and go into battle wearing colorful wigs and carrying imaginary purses.”</td><td>A cartoon feline with the body of a Pop-Tart. It is depicted flying in space with a rainbow trail, accompanied by an upbeat song with the Japanese word for “Meow” as its lyrics. A popular variation has usersSyncing the video to Slipknot's song“Psychosocial.”</td><td>The infamous head covering of the rapper, producer, and guest performer on “Blurred Lines.” Created for Vivienne Westwood's 1982-1983 collection, it was inspired by “Peruvian women wearing bowler hats, full skirts, dancing with their babies tied on their back.”</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Blue Man
A member of a music collective starring a trio of humanoids played by musicians wearing bald caps and makeup. To meet demand, dozens of new performers have been recruited, a process satirized on the show Arrested Development with the would-be recruit Tobias Fünke.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>A Nigerian Prince
A West African practitioner of a “419 scam,” otherwise known as advance-fee fraud. Victims receive email messages from a person claiming to be displaced royalty who needs their help transferring funds out of their country in exchange for future payment.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Afro Ninja
The star of one of the first viral videos. In an audition, he planned to do a backflip followed by a display of nunchuck skills. Suffering from jet lag, he fell flat on his face, staggered to his feet, and while still attempting to showcase his nunchuck skills, stumbled off screen.</td></tr><tr><td>A Basic Bitch
A putdown that describes a woman with a dull personality or lack of style. The term originated in hip hop and was featured in a comedy sketch of a doctor diagnosing the condition, which includes symptoms such as owning scented candles and ordering Pumpkin Spice lattes.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>MySpace Tom
Cofounder of the world's most popular social networking site—before Facebook. He became instantly recognizable because all users who joined the site would automatically “friend” him. He sold the site for $580M to Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.
CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td><td>A Cosplayer
A costumed roleplayer who appears in public as a fictional character. Dress is often inspired by manga, anime, comic books, video games, and films—really anything from nerd culture. While not synonymous, there is some overlap with LARPers, Furries, and reenactors.
ET CETERA
4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Bottom
In gay culture, a person who prefers penetration during intercourse, usually through the anus. A survey of nearly 56,000 profiles on gay.com found that 32% of US respondents preferred bottom, 26% preferred top, and 42% preferred the versatile role.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Sinéad O'Connor
An Irish musician who sought controversy on many occasions, most famously on a 1992 episode of SNL, where she protested the Catholic church's sexual abuse scandal by tearing up a photo of Pope John Paul II and saying “Fight the real enemy.”
CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td><td>David After Dentist
The 7-year-old star of a YouTube video where he deals with the effects of anesthesia. The child asks of his amused dad, “Is this real life” and fearfully demands to know whether it's “going to be forever” after observing that he feels funny and that his father has four eyes.</td></tr><tr><td>Steve Irwin, the Crocodile Hunter
An Australian conservationist and media personality known for his khaki shorts, accent, and trademark expression "Crikey." He was killed in 2006 by a stingray striking him in his lungs and heart with its barb during the filming of a documentary titled Ocean's Deadliest.
CELEBRITY
2 POINTS</td><td>Dick Armey
A former US Congressman from Texas who was an important part of the Republican Revolution of the 90s and one of the co-creators of the infamous Contract with America. But for the purposes of this game, he really just has a very funny name.</td><td>Keyboard Cat
The internet moniker of Fatso, a feline wearing a blue shirt and being manipulated to look like she was playing an instrument. The performance dates back to 1984, meaning that while she is long-dead, she continues to "play off" millions.</td></tr><tr><td>A n0Ob
A term for a beginner or novice at an activity, often used in reference to internet activity, such as online gaming or computer hacking. The term is spelled using leetspeak, the alphabet that uses alternative ASCII characters as a replacement for Latin letters.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Cindy Sherman
A photographer and filmmaker, whose work often portrays herself in a series of costumes ranging from simple to outlandish. Through her photography, she is thought to be calling attention to the representation of women in society, media, and the arts.</td><td>Dolly the Sheep
The first mammal to be cloned from an adult stem cell. Taken from a mammary gland, she proved that a cell from a specific body part could be used to replicate a new individual. She died at 6.5 years old of progressive lung disease, which is fairly common to her species.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>An Eager Beaver
An idiom for an extremely enthusiastic or hard working person that supposedly originated among Canadian soldiers in World War II. The term derives from the aquatic, dam-building rodents, who terraformed much of North America with their wooden structures.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td><td>Punxsutawney Phil
A clairvoyant Pennsylvania groundhog, who uses the appearance of his own shadow to predict whether spring will arrive early or whether there will be six more weeks of winter. His predictions have been correct 39% of the time, less than random guessing.</td><td>Little Mikey
A boy from a Quaker Oats TV commercial that ran for over 12 years, beginning in 1972. The character spawned an urban legend that the actor from the commercial, John Gilchrist, died from ingesting a lethal combination of Pop Rocks and soda. He did not.</td></tr><tr><td>Michael J. Fox
An actor who played Marty McFly in the Back to the Future franchise and the Reaganite Alex P. Keaton on Family Ties. In 2000, he semi-retired due to a Parkinson's disease diagnosis, but he continues to act and is an outspoken advocate for others with the disease.</td><td>The Elephant Man
The stage name of Joseph Merrick, an Englishman with severe deformities who was exhibited as a freak before befriending a doctor who took him in and gave him a relatively good life. He loved theater and collected flowers. David Lynch made a biopic loosely based on him.</td><td>Aaron Burr
The 3rd Vice President of the US, who shot Alexander Hamilton in a duel. He was famously the answer to question posed in a 1993 commercial directed by Michael Bay for the Got Milk? campaign, where a historian is unable to answer because his mouth is clogged with peanut butter.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
2
POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Jackson Galaxy
A cat behaviorist, MFA, and host of the TV show My Cat from Hell. In the show, he is depicted as a traveling rock star who helps pet owners solve issues like scratching, peeping, and territorial behavior. He employs an idiosyncratic set of strategizes to befriend cats.</td><td>Goose
The best friend, wingman, homoerot-ic volleyball partner, and Radar Intercept Officer for Maverick in the film Top Gun. Played by Anthony Edwards, he was tragically killed during a training exercise when he broke his neck ejecting from a F-14 aircraft.</td><td>Nicolas Cage
An actor known for his range, prolific work ethic, and self described “Nouveau Shamanic” acting style. Appearing in such films as Moonstruck, Adaptation, and Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans, he is known for his manic, non-naturalistic performances.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
3
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Benjamin Button
The title character who ages in reverse from a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald and film adaptation by David Fincher. He is born as a 70-year-old man capable of speech and as time passes, grows younger instead of older.</td><td>The Lawnmower Man
A simple-minded gardener from a Stephen King short story and film adaptation. He gains telepathic powers by being forced to play weird 90s virtual reality games. He eventually escapes capture by converting his consciousness into pure energy.</td><td>Commander William T. Riker
The Enterprise's first officer on Star Trek: The Next Generation. He is referred to as “Number One” by Captain Picard and often sits down by whipping one leg over the back of a chair. An unofficial Twitter account documents his perverted Google search history.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td></tr></table>