<table><tr><td>Doge</td><td>A Russian 
Nesting Doll</td><td>Rick Santorum</td></tr><tr><td>An Internet meme that shows a 
Shiba Inu surrounded by colorful 
Comic Sans text that describes its 
inner monologue, such as "Wow," 
"Concern," and "so scare." There is 
much confuse over the name's 
pronunciation, yet it was recently 
used to brand a Bitcoin competitor.</td><td>A set of colorful wooden figurines 
that decrease in size and are placed 
inside of one another. Associated 
with a former Communist nation, 
they are often painted as women, 
but themes vary from babushkas to 
Star Wars characters to just 
Batmans all the way down.</td><td>The former Republican Senator 
whose name, in retribution for 
comparing homosexuality to 
bestiality, was redefined in a contest 
held by sex columnist Dan Savage 
as "the frothy mixture of lube and 
fecal matter that is sometimes the 
byproduct of anal sex."</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Blacula</td><td>Georgia O'Keeffe</td><td>Ebola</td></tr><tr><td>The title character from a horror 
film about an 18th century African 
prince turned vampire. Locked in a 
coffin for two centuries by Count 
Dracula, the box was purchased as 
part of an estate by two interior 
decorators who accidentally set him 
loose in 70s Los Angeles.</td><td>An American modernist painter 
whose work was inspired by the 
New Mexico landscape surrounding 
her home. She is perhaps most 
famous for the uncanny resem-
blance of many of her painted 
flowers to female genitalia, though 
she denied any similarity.</td><td>A virus that causes hemorrhagic 
fever, typically acquired by contact 
with an infected monkey, fruit bat, 
or person. Its most severe 
symptoms can include bleeding 
from the eyes, nose, ears, mouth, 
and rectum. There is no specific 
treatment for the disease.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Furry</td><td>Gallagher</td><td>Kobayashi</td></tr><tr><td>A person who wears a full body 
animal suit, often for conventions, 
roleplaying, or personal recreation. 
Their use in sexual activity is a 
controversial topic in the community. 
In a recent survey, 37% reported that 
it was an important part of their 
interest in the activity.</td><td>A prop comic famous for smashing 
watermelons with his trademark 
Sledge-O-Matic. He once sued his 
brother for touring under the 
comedian's name and walked out of 
a Marc Maron interview when asked 
about the use of racist, homopho-
bic, and xenophobic slurs in his act.</td><td>A Japanese competitive eater who 
shocked the world in 2001 by eating 
50 hot dogs and buns (HDB) in 12 
minutes at Nathan's Hot Dog Eating 
Contest, doubling the previous 
record. He once lost a hot dog 
eating contest (no buns) to a 1089 
lb. Kodaik bear (31-50).</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Flying Spaghetti Monster</td><td>Sylvia Plath</td><td>The Unabomber (Ted Kaczynski)</td></tr><tr><td>The deity of Pastafarianism, a parody religion opposing intelligent design. A contemporary version of Russell's teapot, it is portrayed as a clump of pasta and meatballs with two eye stalks. It often appears touching Adam's finger in Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel ceiling painting.</td><td>Poet, author, and wife of Ted Hughes, who was known for her confessional style of poetry as well as her novel The Bell Jar. She had a history of depression, leading to her suicide at 30 from carbon monoxide poisoning after sticking her head into an unlit oven.</td><td>A terrorist math professor, who sent explosive packages through the mail. When Penthouse offered to publish his manifesto, Industrial Society and Its Future, he asked to reserve the right to plant one more bomb, since the magazine was less "respectable" than others he solicited.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>Pablo Escobar</td><td>El Chupacabra</td><td>Bill Cosby</td></tr><tr><td>A Colombian drug lord and "King of Cocaine," who at his peak trafficked 15 tons of the drug into the US per year. He was killed by authorities in a firefight in Medellin. According to a recent BBC report, a number of hippos from his menagerie still roam the Colombian countryside.</td><td>Literally "goat sucker," this legendary American cryptid is often described as a reptile-like creature that attacks and drinks the blood of sheep and other livestock. Most supposed sightings have been attributed to dogs or wolves afflicted by the skin disease mange.</td><td>One of most famous comedians of all time. He created Fat Albert and played Cliff Huxtable on the show bearing his name. He is known for wearing sweaters, eating "Puddin' Pops," and blaming much of the black incarceration rate on poor parenting.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Bob Fosse</td><td>Heisenberg</td><td>Rosie the Riveter</td></tr><tr><td>A dancer and choreographer, who created musicals like All That Jazz and Cabaret. His style included turned-in knees, bowler hats, canes, and copious use of jazz hands-a technique where the performer's hands are shown palms open to the audience with fingers splayed wide.</td><td>A German theoretical physicist, creator of the uncertainty principle, and winner of a Nobel Prize in Physics for his development of quantum mechanics. His name was also used as an alias for the meth manufacturer Walter White in the series Breaking Bad.</td><td>A World War II icon, who represented American women working factory jobs. She is most often associated with the "We Can Do It!" Westinghouse poster, depicting her flexing in a blue work shirt and red kerchief. Her Canadian precursor was Ronnie the Bren Gun Girl.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Narwhal
An Arctic whale with a large protruding tusk, which is actually an elongated canine tooth. Its name translates to "corpse whale" from the Old Norse, due to the similarity of its flesh tone with a drowned sailor. According to the Weebl's Stuff song, they are so awesome.
ET CETERA
4 POINTS</td><td>Hitler's Brain
A trope first featured in a 60s sci-fi film, where Nazi scientists remove this organ from the Führer's head and hide it in the fictional South American country of Mandoras. The film currently holds an approval rating of 0% on the metareview site Rotten Tomatoes.</td><td>100 Duck-Sized Horses
From a hypothetical scenario that poses the question of who would win in a fight: a single equine-sized fowl or fivescore fowl-sized equines. The question was made famous in a 2012 Reddit AMA with President Barack Obama. The comment received over 1,000 upvotes.</td></tr><tr><td>Achilles
An Ancient Greek hero and demigod from Homer's Iliad, who defeated the Trojan warrior Hector as revenge for killing his friend and lover Patroclus. He was later killed by an arrow to his heel—the only part of his body that was vulnerable to physical injury.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td><td>Che Guevara
A Marxist leader in the Cuban Revolution, whose rebellious image has been commodified on T-shirts worldwide. The image, a high contrast version of the Guerrillo Heroico photograph by Alberto Korda, depicts him with mustache, beret, and implacable expression.</td><td>A Velociraptor
A bipedal, feathered carnivore from the Cretaceous Period. It is one of the most well-known dinosaurs due to its prominent role in the 1993 film Jurassic Park, where it was depicted inaccurately as large and feather-less, but quite accurately as a clever girl.
CARD BY PATRICK KLEPEK
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Homo Erectus
A distant relative of humans that went extinct approximately 100,000 years ago. Latin for "upright man," this hominid walked vertically and likely lived in small hunter-gatherer bands, but lacked the large cranial capacity of anatomically modern humans.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
2 POINTS</td><td>William Howard Taft
Secretary of War, 10th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and most obese president in US history. It is unclear whether the story of his getting stuck in a White House bathtub is true, but it was confirmed that on at least one occasion, he caused it to overflow.</td><td>L. Ron Hubbard
A science fiction author and the founder of Scientology. The religion derives from his self-help program Dianetics, which he modestly described as "a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of fire and superior to his invention of the wheel and the arch."
HISTORICAL FIGURE
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Shirtless
Vladimir Putin</td><td>Christopher Walken</td><td>Baby Jessica</td></tr><tr><td>Former KGB officer and current President of Russia. Under his rule, Russia has grown increasingly democratic. He cultivates a rugged image in state media, being shown riding half-dressed on horseback and “discovering” two Ancient Greek urns in the Black Sea.</td><td>An actor known for his odd line readings, dancing skills, and creepy handsome face. Despite being an Academy Award winning actor, he is perhaps best known for the “Weapon of Choice” music video and as Bruce Dickinson, an SNL character who asks for more cowbell.</td><td>The subject of a 24-hour media frenzy in 1987 when she fell down a well, setting a precedent for how cable news networks cover small local tragedies. At the time, President Reagan claimed that “everybody in America became [her] godmothers and godfathers.”</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>3
POINTS</td><td>2
POINTS</td><td>4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Jackson Pollock</td><td>Caligula</td><td>Julian Assange</td></tr><tr><td>An abstract expressionist painter known for his drip paintings, which were created by laying the canvas on the floor and pouring paint from above. His painting, “No. 5, 1948,” was sold for $140M in 2006 by David Geffen—the second most expensive painting ever sold.</td><td>A Roman emperor known for his cruelty, extravagance, and sexual perversity. He was the first Roman emperor to be assassinated. He is best known for being the title character of a semi-pornographic film starring Malcolm McDowell that depicted his orgies in lengthy detail.</td><td>The Editor-in-chief of WikILeaks and alleged sexual predator. Fearing extradition to Sweden for sexual assault and the US for espionage relating to the Chelsea Manning leaks, he has been living in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2
POINTS</td><td>2
POINTS</td><td>2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Pied Piper</td><td>Atlas</td><td>Pavlov's Dog</td></tr><tr><td>A character in medieval folklore that led a group of children away from the town of Hamelin, Germany with a magic flute. In the tale, he was hired to clear the town of a rat infestation, but after receiving no payment, he used the flute to kidnap their children instead.</td><td>A titan from Greek mythology, who was forced to hold up the celestial spheres as punishment for fighting the Olympian gods in the War of the Titans. He is often shown holding a sphere on his shoulders, which is now commonly mistaken to be the Earth.</td><td>A canine from a Russian physiologist's classical conditioning experiments. By ringing a bell associated with food, he could induce the animal to salute even with no food present. He extended these experiments to children, who underwent surgeries so he could better collect their saliva.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2
POINTS</td><td>2
POINTS</td><td>3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Oscar Pistorius</td><td>Leeroy Jenkins</td><td>Lou Gehrig</td></tr><tr><td>Sometimes known as "Blade Runner" or "the fastest man on no legs," this sprinter became the first double leg amputee to participate in the Olympics. He was subsequently charged with the murder of his girlfriend, but maintains that he confused her for an intruder.</td><td>A World of Warcraft player famous for going afk while his guild planned a complicated raid, then proceeded to run into the encounter screaming his own name and getting his guildmates killed. After being called "stupid as hell," he cryptically replied "At least I have chicken."</td><td>A first baseman for the New York Yankees and member of baseball's Hall of Fame. He was the first baseball player to have his uniform number retired. Late in his career, he developed amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), which is now synonymous with his name.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Elian Gonzalez</td><td>A Raver</td><td>Al Roker</td></tr><tr><td>A Cuban boy who was the subject of an international incident when his relatives attempted to keep him in the US against his father's wishes that he return to Cuba. A famous image from the event shows an armed border agent discovering the boy cowering in a closet.</td><td>A person who attends a party featuring electronic music, dancing, and visual effects. Attendees are often characterized as being under the influence of MDMA, using fluorescent glow sticks, sucking on pacifiers, applying Vicks VapoRub, and wearing phat pants.</td><td>The flamboyant weatherman for The Today Show who was known for being obese before having gastric bypass surgery. He was famously thrown to the ground reporting on Hurricane Wilma. He also writes mystery novels about Billy Blessing, a chef and amateur detective.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Charlton Heston</td><td>Jacques Cousteau</td><td>Mr. Trololo</td></tr><tr><td>An actor and President of the NRA, who starred in such films as The Ten Commandments, The Omega Man, and Planet of the Apes, where he was known for lines such as "Take your stinking paws off me you damn dirty apes!" He became a vociferous gun advocate in the 80s.</td><td>A French conservationist and media figure, who devoted his life to the study of the ocean. Following his death, members of his crew alleged that scenes from his films were staged. For instance, pouring bleach into a container to get footage of an octopus scrambling out.</td><td>The internet moniker of Eduard Khil, a Russian singer who became famous when his 1976 recording of "I Am Glad, 'Cause I'm Finally Returning Back Home" was uploaded to YouTube. Khil performs the song using nonsense syllable rather than the lyrics.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Evander Holyfield's ear
The hearing organ of the 4-time heavyweight champion boxer. It was partially torn off during a 1997 bout with Mike Tyson that is now known as "The Bite Fight." In Round 3, Tyson bit into its outer rim with his teeth before spitting the piece of flesh onto the canvas.
CELEBRITY
2 POINTS</td><td>Hodor
Winterfell's stableboy in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire and the Game of Thrones TV adaptation. He carries the crippled Bran Stark around in a large basket. Though his real name is Walder, he is only referred to by this name, since it is the only word he ever uses.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3 POINTS</td><td>A Communist
A member of a political movement that believes in the common ownership of the means of production. The concept was first developed by the German political philosopher Karl Marx and became the national ideology of the Soviet Union in the 20th century.
ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Khalid Sheikh Mohammed</td><td>The 99%</td><td>Richard Pryor</td></tr><tr><td>A terrorist known variously as the "principal architect of the 9/11 attacks" by the 9/11 Commission and "Ron Jeremy in a pillowcase" by Horatio Sanz. An engineer by training, he designed a vacuum cleaner while being held at a secret CIA detention facility in Poland.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
2 POINTS</td><td>A category inspired by the political slogans of the Occupy Wall Street movement of 2011 that classify the majority of US citizens who are not members of the economic elite. According to the IRS, all individuals earning less than $343,927 fall into this group.
ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>A comedian once described by Jerry Seinfeld as "the Picasso of our profession," who was famous for his open discussion of race. In a well-known incident, while freebasing cocaine, he poured 151-proof rum over his body, lit a match, and ran down the street on fire.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Rosa Parks</td><td>An Illusionist</td><td>A Castrato</td></tr><tr><td>A civil rights activist who refused to give up her seat in the colored section of a bus to a white passenger. Claudette Colvin had done the same nine months earlier, but NAACP leadership did not want a pregnant, unmarried teenager as the face of the movement.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
1 POINT</td><td>A performer of magic acts that often include demonstrating "impossible" tricks to a credulous audience. The term was preferred by the character Gob Bluth in the television series Arrested Development, whose performances often went horribly wrong.
ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>A male vocal performer whose has an abnormally high vocal register, typically achieved by neutering the performer before puberty. There are today some "natural" performers with hormonal anomalies that give the same effect. The last castration for this occurred in the 1870s.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Baby Sloth
The juvenile form of a slow-moving, hook-handed mammal whose fur is home to other creatures, including beetles and cockroaches. Popular on websites devoted to cuteness due to their perpetual smiles and docility. They are especially darling when taking a bath.</td><td>Kurt Cobain
The lead singer-songwriter of the grunge rock band Nirvana, known for songs like "Smells Like Teen Spirit" and "All Apologies." He had a history of mental illness and drug abuse, which led to his death in 1994 by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head.</td><td>Tonya Harding
Olympic figure skater, professional boxer, sex tape star, land speed record holder for vintage gas coups, and felon. She became a pariah after conspiring with her husband, Jeff Gilloo, to break competitor Nancy Kerrigan's leg by whacking it with a telescopic baton.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
1 POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Mole
An informant or spy recruited to report on a target government or organization from the inside. They are named after a small, subterra-nean species of mammal. The term was popularized by John Le Carré in Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, but was first used by Francis Bacon in 1626.</td><td>Prince
The "artist formerly known as," who released Purple Rain and the Batman soundtrack. In 2011, the website Heavy Table published illustrations of his refrigerator, which contained 5 pounds of Dunk-a-roos, 18 varieties of mustard, Braunschweiger, and a quart of Yak's milk.</td><td>A Beard
A term referencing facial hair and used for a person who conceals someone else's sexual orientation, either knowingly or unknowingly. This concept was an element in the 1984 film Broadway Danny Rose by Woody Allen and remains a popular comedic subject.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA
2 POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
1 POINT</td><td>ET CETERA
1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>God
The Supreme Being, who monothe-ists often believe to be omniscient, omnipotent, omnipresent, and responsible for the creation of the universe. In the West, he is often depicted as an old white man with a long gray beard.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
1 POINT</td><td>The lady who spilled coffee on herself at McDonald's
A 79-year-old woman who won a lawsuit against the world's largest fast-food chain after spilling a scalding drink onto her lap while riding in her grandson's 1989 Ford Probe. It soaked into her sweat-pants, causing first-degree burns to her thighs, buttocks, and groin.</td><td>Anne Frank
A wartime diarist and Holocaust victim. After visiting the famous site where her family hid from the Nazis for nearly two years, the pop star Justin Bieber wrote, "Truly inspiring to be able to come here. Anne was a great girl. Hopefully she would have been a believer."</td></tr><tr><td>Deep Blue
An IBM computer that defeated chess champion Garry Kasparov 2-1, with 3 draws. Kasparov demanded a rematch after accusing IBM of cheating. They declined and decommissioned it following the match. Due to its small sample size, it does not have an ELO rating.</td><td>Pee-wee Herman
The alter ego of comedian Paul Reubens, who wears a high-cut grey suit, red bow tie, and heavy makeup. His character is often associated with a spastic dance performed to the song "Tequila," which he used to win the respect of the Satan's Helpers biker gang.</td><td>An Oompa Loompa
A race of short, orange-skinned folks from Willy Wonka &amp; the Chocolate Factory, who work in the factory and sing moralizing songs. In an early version of Roald Dahl's novel, they were depicted as African pygmies but were later rewritten to be white and blonde.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td><td>CARD BY EMMA KOENIG
1
POINT</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Rapunzel
A character from a fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm, who is imprisoned in a tower by an evil witch. She is widely associated with the command, said by those who want to visit her in her tower, "Let down your hair, so that I may climb the golden stair."</td><td>Pac-Man
The hero and title character of an 80s arcade game, where he navigates mazes and eats pellets, power pellets, and fruit while avoiding ghosts. One of gaming's earliest breakout stars, he was soon usurped by his female counterpart in a far superior sequel.</td><td>Godzilla
The King of the Monsters, who first appeared in a series of Japanese films made in response to the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The monster typically has a reptilian look, walks on two legs, has a long tail, and has "nuclear breath."</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Man Hands
The minor character on the show Seinfeld. She is a beautiful woman who Jerry cannot stay attracted to because of her large extremities. The episode's writer, David Mandel, created the character in response to his wife's own self-consciousness about this condition.</td><td>John Wilkes Booth
A 19th century actor and Confederate sympathizer, who derailed his and nearly that of his brother Edwin's acting careers when he assassinated Abraham Lincoln. The original plan was to kidnap Lincoln and exchange him for a number of Confederate POWs.</td><td>The Very Hungry Caterpillar
A children's book character that takes readers through an insect's transformation from larva to butterfly. The book received worldwide acclaim, selling over 30M copies. The competitive eater Kobayashi frequently gives this book out as a holiday gift.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
4
POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
1
POINT</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Human 
Centipede</td><td>Amelia Earhart</td><td>Vincent Van Gogh</td></tr><tr><td>The title creature of a 2009 horror 
film where a sadistic German doctor 
forms one of these by sewing three 
individuals together, mouth to anus, 
forcing them to share a single 
digestive system. The film's director 
explained that his work is partially a 
reflection on fascism.</td><td>An American aviatrix, who was the 
first woman to fly solo across the 
Atlantic. She vanished mysteriously 
in 1937 while attempting to 
circumnigrate the globe. Many 
conspiracy theories emerged, from 
her being captured by the Japanese 
to her eloping with her navigator.</td><td>A Dutch post-Impressionist painter 
known for his depictions of wheat 
fields, sunflowers, and starry nights. 
He struggled with mental illness, 
once slicing off his left ear with a 
razor and delivering it to a brothel 
as a memento for his friend Paul 
Gauguin.</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>1</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINT</td><td>POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Abraham Lincoln</td><td>Mr. Owl</td><td>A Grammar Nazi</td></tr><tr><td>The 16th President of the US, who 
abolished slavery and led the North 
to victory in the Civil War. He is 
often depicted wearing a top hat 
with his signature chin curtain 
beard. He was assassinated by the 
actor John Wilkes Booth while 
attending a play at Ford's Theatre.</td><td>A bespectacled, know-it-all bird 
who famously answered the 
question "How many licks does it 
take to get to the Tootsie Roll 
center of a Tootsie Pop?" by licking 
the lollipop 3 times before biting 
into it with his sharp beak, then 
declaring that it takes only 3 licks.</td><td>A person who enforces language 
rules to an unusually high degree. 
According to knowyourmeme.com, 
one of the earliest uses was in 1995, 
when a user on the newsgroup 
alt.gothic called someone out for 
correcting the use of the term 
"thusly" for "thus."</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>1</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINT</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Yoshi</td><td>Hannibal Lector</td><td>A Centaur</td></tr><tr><td>The egg-laying dinosaur sidekick of 
Mario and Luigi. The name refers 
both to individuals and the entire 
species. They have long tongues 
that they use to eat things like 
Goombas, apples, and other 
objects, which can be excreted as 
eggs or expectorated as fireballs.</td><td>A psychiatrist, serial killer, cannibal, 
and antihero from The Silence of the 
Lambs novel and film. He was 
famously portrayed by Anthony 
Hopkins, who explains to Clarice 
that he once ate a census taker's 
liver "with fava beans and a nice 
Chianti. [slurping sounds]"</td><td>A mythological hybrid whose top 
half is human and bottom half is 
horse. The Greeks considered them 
savage, drunken beings. The myth 
persists today, including a famous 
tattoo of half Patrick Swayze, half 
horse and SNL's depiction of one of 
these on a failed job interview.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>1</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINT</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Dr. Henry Heimlich</td><td>The Shoe Bomber (Richard Reid)</td><td>Slimer</td></tr><tr><td>A surgeon credited with inventing a maneuver that prevents suffocation when a person is choking by jamming your fist into their abdomen. He also advocated for the technique be used to treat drowning (don't do it) and that malaria could treat cancer, Lyme disease, and HIV.</td><td>A would-be suicide bomber who tried and failed to blow up a plane with his casual footwear. He was caught trying to use a match to light a fuse mid-flight, explosive sneaker in his lap. The incident prompted the TSA to institute footwear screening at airports.</td><td>A character from the Ghostbusters franchise, who appears as a transparent green blob composed of pure Ectoplasm. Ravenously consuming all food in sight, writer and actor Dan Aykroyd allegedly referred to him as "The Ghost of John Belushi."</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Magic Mike</td><td>Drunk Jeff Goldblum</td><td>Princess Di</td></tr><tr><td>The title character of a Steven Soderbergh film about a male stripper who performs at Xquisite Strip Club. Played by Channing Tatum, the character is loosely based on Tatum's real-life experience as a young stripper in Tampa, Florida.</td><td>An actor who appeared in an Apple ad that was remixed on YouTube to make his speech sound slow and slurred ("What do you think the greatest gift of the holidays is? Internet?"). He has also appeared in The Fly, Jurassic Park, and many other films.</td><td>The ex-wife of Prince Charles and mother of William and Harry. She died tragically in a Paris car crash, which was found to be the result of grossly negligent driving and to the presence of paparazzi. Her funeral was one of the most viewed events in television history.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>The Raven</td><td>The Loch Ness Monster</td><td>Teddy Ruxpin</td></tr><tr><td>A large black bird and the subject of a poem by Edgar Allan Poe. In it, the bird visits a man grieving the loss of his love, Lenore. Sitting above him on a bust of the goddess Athena, the bird repeats the words "nevermore" to the man's inquiries, slowly driving him mad.</td><td>A legendary cryptid, who supposedly lives in a deep freshwater lake in the Scottish Highlands. Believers speculate that the creature is a marine dinosaur that somehow survived to modern day. The scientific community continues to regard the creature as a hoax.</td><td>A storytelling toy bear from the 80s, who had an audio cassette deck in his body. Stories such as "The Wooly What's-It: Learning Can Be Fun!" and "Tweeg and the Bound-ers: You Have to Earn the Things Worth Having" tended to focus on promoting positive behavior.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Rosemary's Baby</td><td>Your Mom</td><td>The Swedish Chef</td></tr><tr><td>The title infant from a 70s horror film by Roman Polanski. Its mother, played by Mia Farrow, fears that her husband made a Satanic pact with their neighbors in order for success in his acting career. At the conclusion, it is revealed that the child is actually the spawn of Satan.</td><td>The woman who gave birth to you and/or raised you. The word above or the actual name of your real-life caregiver are both valid.</td><td>A cook and Muppet that hails from Northern Europe. He wears a toque blanche and speaks in sing-songy gibberish. Humans from his country of origin often find the character offensive and claim that his accent totally sounds more like Norwegian anyway.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Eye of Sauron</td><td>Bubble Boy</td><td>Bloody Mary</td></tr><tr><td>A manifestation of the title character in J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy series The Lord of the Rings. Frodo describes it as "rimmed with fire, but was itself glazed, yellow as a cat's, watchful and intent, and the black slit of its pupil opened on a pit, a window into nothing."</td><td>A person with a genetic disease that leaves them vulnerable to infection and forced to live in a completely sterile environment. One was famously portrayed on Seinfeld, where he fought with George over a Trivial Pursuit card that read "Moops" instead of "Moors."</td><td>A legendary ghost who is said to be conjured in a mirror by saying her name multiple times. Often attempted by young girls, the ghost is sometimes said to reveal the future and other times said to attempt to scratch the person's eyes out.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Colonel Sanders</td><td>O.J. Simpson</td><td>The Hamburglar</td></tr><tr><td>The founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken, whose likeness is also used on their logo. He is easily identified by his white hair, goatee, black-rimmed glasses, white suit, and string tie. His honorific title refers to a Kentucky tradition rather than a military rank.</td><td>Former professional football player, actor, and Isotoner spokesman. He was found not guilty of murder in one of the most public trials of the 20th century. He wrote a book about the case called if I Did It and is currently incarcerated for the theft of his own sports memorabilia.</td><td>A young, red-headed thief who dresses in striped clothing and steals items from the McDonald's restaurant chain. Originally an old man with a long nose inexplicably called the "Lone Jogger," he has since ceased being a villain in the McDonald land universe.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Leper</td><td>Khan!</td><td>The Kaiser</td></tr><tr><td>A person infected with Hansen's Disease, which sometimes results in the inability to feel pain and consequent loss of body parts. To prevent the spread of the disease, they were historically separated into isolated colonies-a practice still alive in India and China.</td><td>A villain from the Star Trek franchise, who once controlled a portion of the earth during the Eugenics Wars of the 90s. Ricardo Montalban played the genetically engineered superhuman, delivering lines such as "Revenge is a dish that is best served cold."</td><td>The title of German leader Wilhelm II, who ruled until the end of World War I. He was depicted in propaganda with an exaggerated handlebar mustache and Pickelhaube, the spiked helmet of the Prussian army. He was also once accused of stealing our word for "twenty."</td></tr><tr><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A California Raisin</td><td>A Hungry Hungry Hippo</td><td>Aunt Jemima</td></tr><tr><td>A member of a fictional R&amp;B group composed of anthropomorphic dried grapes from the West Coast. They came to prominence in claymation form, singing a cover of "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" in an advertisement. They were also popular as plastic toys.</td><td>The title character of a children's game that teaches kids to eat marbles. Each of the four players simultaneously mash a plastic lever to get their character-a colorful version of the third largest land mammal-to consume as many of these inedible objects as possible.</td><td>The pretty racist mascot of a line of pancake mixes and syrups by the Quaker Oats Company. Her character was derived from a minstrel show's mammy-like figure. Like Uncle Ben, she represents an idealized view of domestic servitude in southern life.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Jesus H. Christ</td><td>The Kraken</td><td>A TSA Agent</td></tr><tr><td>A subversive Jewish rabbi, who Christians believe to be the Son of God and Messiah of the Old Testament. He allegedly performed miracles, was crucified by the Romans, and rose from the dead. A middle initial is used in various oaths, but its origin is unclear.</td><td>A gigantic mythical sea monster that first appeared in Norse mythology. Because of its size, it was thought to have been inspired by giant squid sightings. In contemporary media, is often seen being "released" or "unleashed" upon an unsuspecting hero.</td><td>An employee of a US Department of Homeland Security branch. Many of its employees are posted in airports to screen passengers and their property, including pat-downs and viewing x-rays. Their average salary is $25K-$38K per year, excluding swag.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>1 POINT</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>A Cylon</td><td>Splinter</td><td>Babar</td></tr><tr><td>A member of a robotic civilization in the Battlestar Galactica franchise. They were created somewhat by accident on Caprica and are unique in that they experience many common human emotions and are often not fully aware of their status as a robotic lifeform.</td><td>An elderly humanoid rat who was the sensei of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. In the 80s cartoon series, he was mutated from the great samurai warrior, Hamato Yoshi. In other versions, however, this character was the pet rodent of Hamato Yoshi.</td><td>An elephant from the children's book by Jean de Brunhoff, who criticizes argue offers a justification for colonialism. In the book, he leaves the jungle, visits a city, returns in a green suit, introduces French civilization to his fellow elephants, and is crowned king.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Underwear Bomber</td><td>Chun-Li</td><td>The T-1000</td></tr><tr><td>The moniker of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, a would-be terrorist who attempted to blow up a passenger plane with explosives sewn into his unmentionables. His plan failed when the explosives were soiled due to his wearing the same pants for two weeks straight.</td><td>A character from the Street Fighter video game series, who relies primarily on powerful kicks delivered with the aid of her remarkably muscular thighs. Her most famous move is the Lightning Kick, with the Spinning Bird Kick a close second. Her blood type is A.</td><td>A shapeshifting robot from Terminator 2. Made of liquid metal, Skynet sent it into the past to kill Edward Furlong, who was protected by Arnold Schwarzenegger's loveable, technologically inferior, T-800. Billy idol was slated to play the character before a motorcycle accident.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Cthulhu</td><td>A Muggle</td><td>A Fainting Goat</td></tr><tr><td>A monstrous deity created by H.P. Lovecraft. It is hundreds of meters tall and has the arms and legs of a man, claws, the head of a giant octopus, and bat wings. Its mythos gained increased popularity from a series of allusions to it in the HBO series True Detective.</td><td>Any non-magical character in the Harry Potter franchise. Their inability to perform magic was likely a hereditary trait and was used as a justification for persecution by an extremist group of magical persons, Death Eaters, who believed their own bloodlines should remain pure.</td><td>A farm animal that suffers from a genetic disorder that causes its muscles to freeze for approximately 10 seconds when panicked. The condition is formally known as myotonia congenita, which Buzzfeed once described as "easily the cutest neurological disorder."</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Count Chocula</td><td>Burning Man</td><td>A Furby</td></tr><tr><td>A vampire mascot from the General Mills Corporation's series of monster-based breakfast cereals. Like his colleagues Franken-Berry, Boo-Berry, Fruit Brute, and Yummy Mummy, his origin is a mystery. His tagline, "I want to eat your cereal!" seems a little on the nose.</td><td>A 40-foot wooden effigy that is set on fire during a weeklong event in Nevada's Black Rock Desert. The organizers deny that it has any connection to similar wicker effigies that were built by ancient Druids for pagan Celtic rituals that some speculate involved human sacrifice.</td><td>A fuzzy interactive toy that became popular in the late 90s. Vaguely resembling an owl, it speaks a unique language, learning English over time through interacting with its owner. When held upside down it says things like "me scared" and begins crying.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Paul Reubens</td><td>A Sherpa</td><td>El Niño</td></tr><tr><td>An actor famous for his character Pee-wee Herman. He was arrested for masturbating in a Sarasota, FL adult theater in 1991. When confronted by police, he allegedly said "I'm Pee-wee Herman" and suggested doing a local children's benefit "to take care of this."</td><td>A member of a Nepalese ethnic group that resides in the Himalayan mountain range. The term often refers to guides who assist climbers. Among the most famous of these in history was Tenzing Norgay, who reached the summit of Mount Everest with Edmund Hillary in 1953.</td><td>A band of warm weather resulting in above-average temperatures for most of North America and wetter seasons for most of South America. This weather system inspired a Chris Farley SNL character that depicted the tropical storm as a boastful professional wrestler.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Ceiling Cat</td><td>The Yellow Power Ranger</td><td>The one-armed drummer from Def Leppard</td></tr><tr><td>The subject of a famous internet photo showing a feline peeking out of a hole and, allegedly, "watching you masturbate." In 2010, a Reddit indicated that the hole was actually in a wall, claiming "This changes everything." The feline is said to have a rival in the basement.</td><td>A hero from the 90s children's show that featured a team of teenagers that fought off aliens by transforming into superheroes and piloting robots called Zords. The show was often accused of racism for aligning each character's uniform color with the actor's ethnicity.</td><td>The percussionist for the popular 80s hair metal band known for hits like "Love Bites" and "Pour Some Sugar on Me." He is best known for continuing to record and perform using a specially designed kit following the amputation of a limb after a drag racing accident.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>3 POINTS</td><td>2 POINTS</td><td>4 POINTS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Uncle Tom
A racial epithet used against members of a subjugated group, particularly African Americans, who display excessive deference to authority. The term is derived from the eponymous character in the 1852 novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS
GOATSE
A shock site linking unsuspecting victims to the file hello.jpg, an image of a naked man stretching his anus several inches in diameter. The man&#x27;s wedding band is clearly visible on his left ring finger. The site used the rare top-level domain for the Christmas Islands, .cx.
CELEBRITY
4 POINTS
A Bleeder
A person who loses blood quickly because of a lower than average clotting rate, otherwise known as a hemophilia. This term was made famous in the 1998 comedy There&#x27;s Something About Mary, where Ben Stiller&#x27;s character Ted damages his genitals with a zipper.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS
The first President of the US. John Adams claimed that his famed toothlessness was the result of cracking Brazil nuts. His false teeth were not made of wood, but hippopotamus and elephant ivory. He had a previous pair most likely made from, no joke, slave teeth.
FICTIONAL FIGURE
1 POINT
P.F. Chang
The combined identity of Paul Fleming and Philip Chiang, the two founders of the eponymous Asian Fusion restaurant founded in Scottsdale, Arizona in 1993. They operate over 200 restaurants across the US, far more than its equally middlebrow competitor, Benihana.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS
A Roomba
An automated vacuum cleaner marketed as a convenient way to clean one&#x27;s home. Its sensors allow it to navigate each room, cleaning under furniture and in often-ignored corners. Cats have been known to ride it. It definitely does not record your daily movements.
ET CETERA
3 POINTS
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2 POINTS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Falkor
A luckdragon from the novel and film
The Neverending Story, who was
ridden by Bastian and Atreyu. He is
depicted as a creepy, but sort of
adorable, dragon with mostly
dog-like features: paws, shaggy hair,
and big floppy ears. He can fly even
though he doesn't have wings.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
3
POINTS</td><td>The Trojan Horse
A wooden object used by the Greeks
to end the Trojan War. When the
Trojans took it inside the city walls
as a trophy, the soldiers hiding inside
opened the city gates. This myth led
to the use of the term for a type of
malware that is doubtlessly on your
parent's computer right now.</td><td>A Bro
A stereotype often associated with
college-aged men. The website
Code Switch defines them using
four characteristics: jockish, dudely,
stoner-ish, and preppy. These
individuals are also often white,
heterosexual, come from privilege,
and espouse sexist attitudes.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Paula Deen
A celebrity chef and former Food
Network personality, who has
received criticism for the excessive
use of fat, salt, and sugar in her
recipes. She was sued in 2013 for
racial and sexual discrimination,
such as using derogatory remarks
toward African Americans.
CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td><td>Octomom
(Nadya Suleman)
In 2009, this woman gave birth to a
living set of octuplets. Critics noted
that she used in vitro fertilization
despite having 6 children and being
on public assistance. In order to
support her family, in 2012, she
appeared in the adult film Octomom
Home Alone.</td><td>A Hoarder
A person who compulsively collects
things or refuses to discard
possessions, resulting in an
unmanageable amount of crap in
their home. They are the subject of
a popular reality TV show where
professionals exploit the person's
disorder for entertainment.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
2
POINTS</td><td>ET CETERA
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">A Neanderthal
A member of an extinct species
closely related to humans. Research
suggests that interbreeding
between the two groups occurred,
with modern non-African humans
possessing 1-4% of their genome.
They made tools, built dwellings,
and had a form of language.
ET CETERA
1
POINT</td><td>Damien Hirst
The wealthiest artist in the world,
who is best known for selling a huge
dead tiger shark preserved in
formaldehyde for more than $8M.
He once argued that the 9/11
terrorists "need congratulating" for
"achieving something which nobody
would have thought possible."</td><td>Deep Throat
The informant who leaked informa-
tion about Richard Nixon's involve-
ment in the Watergate scandal.
Decades later, former FBI Director
Mark Felt revealed himself as the
informant. A Washington Post editor
chose the alias as a reference to
pornographic film from the 70s.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
4
POINTS</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE
3
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>William Shatner
A legendary actor, who portrayed classic characters such as Captain Kirk, TJ Hooker, the guy who saw a plane gremlin on The Twilight Zone, and the Priceline Negotiator. He also has a musical career that began with a spoken word performance of Elton John's "Rocket Man."</td><td>The Tiger Mom
The author of a controversial memoir about her attempt to use Confucian parenting techniques.
While she describes some success with strict parenting, she has since argued that her book is about the softening of her style after her daughter rebelled at age 13.</td><td>Blackfish
An orca at SeaWorld who raised questions about animal captivity by killing 3 people. In 2010, Møtley Crüe founder Tommy Lee wrote to SeaWorld's president stating that he knew humans still "get into the pool and disturbate him with a cow's vagina filled with hot water."</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY
1
POINT</td><td>CELEBRITY
3
POINTS</td><td>CELEBRITY
4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>The Gerber Baby
The logo of an infant-focused food company. Based on the face of a person who grew up to be mystery novelist, Ann Turner Cook, the logo was originally intended to be a sketch outline for a future painting, but has remained the company's official logo for decades.</td><td>Poppin' Fresh, the Pillsbury Doughboy
The mascot of a company famous for their pre-packaged biscuit ingredients. He has been a staple in their advertising for decades, which usually features him being poked in the belly by a finger and responding by rubbing his stomach and giggling.</td><td>Krang
A fictional supervillain from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise. He is allied with Shredder, who built a mechanical body for him when, following his exile from Dimension X, he was transformed into a brain-like creature with a cranky voice.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
2
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Humpty Dumpty
A character from a nursery rhyme who falls off a wall and can't be put back together again. Typically portrayed as a humanoid egg, scholars have speculated that he represents Richard III, the humpback king who was defeated at Bosworth Field by Henry VII.</td><td>A Drone
An unmanned aerial vehicle used in military operations that are too dangerous for manned aircraft.
Their use is controversial, with critics pointing at their indiscriminant use, such as a 2008 airstrike against a wedding party that killed 47 Afghan civilians.</td><td>Johannes Kepler
A 17th century German astronomer known for his work on planetary motion. In addition to being the namesake of a NASA space observatory, many earthbound institutions are named after him, mostly recently a blended learning university in Kigali, Rwanda.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1
POINT</td><td>ET CETERA
1
POINT</td><td>CARD BY OLIVER ROTHSCHILD
4
POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Joe Camel
The debonair, bipedal ungulate and mascot for an R.J. Reynolds brand of cigarettes. When internal documents demonstrated that the company was targeting children as future smokers, the character was retired and replaced with a more traditional quadruped in 1997.
FICTIONAL CHARACTER
1 POINT</td><td>Free Willy
The title character from the 1993 film about a young boy's attempts to rescue a killer whale from its cruel life as an amusement park attraction. At the film's conclusion, he flees a whaling ship by jumping over a rock embankment and returns to his family.</td><td>David Carradine
An actor and martial artist who played the lead role in the show Kung Fu and Bill in the film Kill Bill. In 2009, he was found dead in the closet of his Bangkok hotel room. Evidence suggests that his death was the result of autoerotic asphyxiation.
CELEBRITY
3 POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Carlos Danger (Anthony Weiner)
The nom de sext of a former Congressman who resigned after he sent explicit photos of himself via Twitter. Despite losing his job over the photos, he was involved in a subsequent scandal after it was revealed that he continued sending explicit photos under this alias.
CELEBRITY
2 POINTS</td><td>John Hancock
A Revolutionary War hero and president of the Second Continental Congress. He was the first member to sign the Declaration of Independence, and his signature was so prominent that his name is now synonymous with signing one's name on a document.</td><td>Joe Biden
The 47th Vice President of the US. His blue collar image has led to a series of humorous articles in The Onion, such as "Joe Biden Shows Up To Inauguration With Ponytail" and "Obama Issues Presidential Pardon To Get Biden Out Of Jail For Third Time This Year."
CELEBRITY
1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Kim Jong-il
The former Supreme Leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and author of On the Art of the Cinema. His family is at the center of an elaborate personality cult in the so called "Hermit Kingdom." A famous tumble collected photos of him looking at things.
HISTORICAL FIGURE
2 POINTS</td><td>Mr. Rogers
The good-natured host of a children's show that begins with him singing, "It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood," putting on a sweater and sneakers, and asking the viewers to be his neighbor. Each episode include a trip to the Neighborhood of Make-Believe.</td><td>A Fetus
The stage of development between embryo and birth. It is sometimes categorized by the presence of all major body organs (though not necessarily functioning), typically around the 11th week of gestation. In humans, it is approximately 1.2" in length from crown to rump.
ET CETERA
1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Alex Trebek 
with a mustache</td><td>Alex Trebek 
without a mustache</td><td>A Virgin</td></tr><tr><td>The host of the quiz show Jeopardy! 
for thirty years and counting. He has 
appeared self-deprecatingly as a 
version of himself in films and TV 
shows, including Seinfeld and Short 
Cuts. For the purposes of this card, 
he still has really great facial hair on 
his upper lip.</td><td>The host of the quiz show Jeopardy! 
for thirty years and counting. He 
began hosting game shows in high 
school. For purposes of this card, he 
shaved the iconic facial hair on his 
upper lip in 2001. In 2008 he wore 
fake facial hair on his upper lip for 
April Fools' Day.</td><td>A person who has never engaged in 
sexual intercourse, either voluntarily 
or involuntarily. Once used only to 
refer to young women, it now 
describes any person who has not 
participated in that activity and can 
even be used metaphorically, as in a 
nonalcoholic drink.</td></tr><tr><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>ET CETERA</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>3</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>1 POINT</td></tr><tr><td>Crocodile Dundee</td><td>The Kool-Aid Man</td><td>Andrea Yates</td></tr><tr><td>The title character in a trilogy of 
fish-out-of-water films about an 
Australian bushman struggling to 
find his way in big city America. 
Played by Paul Hogan, he famously 
threatens muggers, saying "That's 
not a knife. [draws his bowie knife] 
That's a knife."</td><td>The 6 foot tall, cherry-flavored 
mascot for a powdery drink mix that 
is combined with water and sugar. 
He is famous for making a dramatic 
entrance when children express 
thirst by smashing through a brick 
wall and yelling his catchphrase "Oh 
yeah!"</td><td>The victim of severe postpartum 
depression who drowned her five 
children in a bathtub. While initially 
sentenced to life in prison, she was 
later found not guilty by reason of 
insanity. Her case sparked an 
ongoing debate about mental 
health treatment in the US.</td></tr><tr><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>FICTIONAL CHARACTER</td><td>CELEBRITY</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>1</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>Josephine Baker</td><td>Lance Armstrong</td><td>John Henry</td></tr><tr><td>A performer, civil rights activist, and 
the first black woman to star in a 
major film. She only performed for 
integrated audiences, though many 
of her acts, such as the exotic Danse 
Sauvage wearing a banana skirt, 
strike a contemporary viewer as still 
pretty messed up racially.</td><td>A cyclist who won the Tour de 
France for 7 consecutive years after 
losing a testicle to cancer. He 
founded Livestrong, which began 
the trend of people wearing colorful 
rubber bracelets. He later admitted 
to taking performance-enhancing 
drugs during all of his Tour wins.</td><td>An American folk hero and "Steel 
Drivin' Man." In the myth, he 
competed against a steam powered 
hammer to determine who could 
drill into rock the fastest. He wins 
the competition, but his heart gives 
out and he dies before being able to 
fully celebrate his victory.</td></tr><tr><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td><td>CELEBRITY</td><td>HISTORICAL FIGURE</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>1</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td><td>POINTS</td></tr></table>
